abandonnataire, masculine
abélite, masculine
abkhaze, masculine
ablon, masculine
abolitioniste, masculine
abolitionniste, masculine
aborigène, masculine
aboulique, masculine
absolutiste, masculine
académique, masculine
académiste, masculine
accessoiriste, masculine
accidentologue, masculine
accordéoniste, masculine
accordiste, masculine
accro, masculine
acéphale, masculine
achache, masculine
aciériste, masculine
acméiste, masculine
acridophage, masculine
acrobate, masculine
acromégale, masculine
acrophile, masculine
actionnaire, masculine
activiste, masculine
actuaire, masculine
adamite, masculine
addictologue, masculine
adelphe, masculine
adepte, masculine
adéquiste, masculine
adjudicataire, masculine
ado, masculine
adulte, masculine
adultère, masculine
adventiste, masculine
adversaire, masculine
aéromodéliste, masculine
aéronaute, masculine
affairiste, masculine
affichiste, masculine
africaniste, masculine
agnostique, masculine
agrochimiste, masculine
agronome, masculine
aide, masculine
ailurophile, masculine
ajiste, masculine
alais, masculine
alaouite, masculine
alarmiste, masculine
alawite, masculine
albanophone, masculine
albinos, masculine
alcoolique, masculine
alcoolo, masculine
alcoologue, masculine
algébriste, masculine
aliénataire, masculine
aliéniste, masculine
allais, masculine
allemaniste, masculine
allergologiste, masculine
allergologue, masculine
allocataire, masculine
allochtone, masculine
allocutaire, masculine
allogène, masculine
almoravide, masculine
alpiniste, masculine
altermondialiste, masculine
altiste, masculine
altruiste, masculine
amazighophone, masculine
ambidextre, masculine
amblyope, masculine
aménagiste, masculine
amhara, masculine
analyste, masculine
anarchiste, masculine
anarque, masculine
anatomiste, masculine
ancêtre, masculine
andretti, masculine
androgyne, masculine
andrologue, masculine
androphobe, masculine
anecdotiste, masculine
anesthésiste, masculine
angéliste, masculine
angliche, masculine
angliciste, masculine
anglomane, masculine
anglophile, masculine
anglophobe, masculine
anglophone, masculine
animalculiste, masculine
animaliste, masculine
animiste, masculine
annamite, masculine
annexionniste, masculine
anorexique, masculine
anosmique, masculine
anthropoïde, masculine
anthropologiste, masculine
anthropologue, masculine
anthropophage, masculine
anthroposociologue, masculine
anticapitaliste, masculine
anticolonialiste, masculine
anticommunautariste, masculine
anticommuniste, masculine
antiesclavagiste, masculine
antifa, masculine
antifasciste, masculine
antimondialiste, masculine
antipodiste, masculine
antipoutiniste, masculine
antiquaire, masculine
antirévisionniste, masculine
antisioniste, masculine
antivax, masculine
apanagiste, masculine
apathéiste, masculine
apnéiste, masculine
aprioriste, masculine
aquarelliste, masculine
àquoiboniste, masculine
arabe, masculine
arabiste, masculine
arabophone, masculine
arachnologiste, masculine
arachnologue, masculine
arbitragiste, masculine
arbitre, masculine
archæologue, masculine
archéologue, masculine
archicube, masculine
archimillionnaire, masculine
architecte, masculine
archiviste, masculine
ardouin, masculine
argonaute, masculine
argotiste, masculine
aristo, masculine
aristocrate, masculine
aromathérapeute, masculine
arpète, masculine
arpette, masculine
arriviste, masculine
arsouille, masculine
artiste, masculine
ascensionniste, masculine
ascète, masculine
ashkénaze, masculine
asiatique, masculine
assadiste, masculine
associationiste, masculine
assyriologue, masculine
asthmatique, masculine
astrobiologiste, masculine
astrologue, masculine
astrométriste, masculine
astronaute, masculine
astronome, masculine
astrophotographe, masculine
astruc, masculine
athée, masculine
athéiste, masculine
athlète, masculine
attentiste, masculine
aubergiste, masculine
aubryiste, masculine
aubryste, masculine
audiologiste, masculine
audioprothésiste, masculine
australoide, masculine
autiste, masculine
autochtone, masculine
autocrate, masculine
autodidacte, masculine
autogestionnaire, masculine
automobiliste, masculine
autonomiste, masculine
avaliste, masculine
avare, masculine
aventuriste, masculine
aveugle, masculine
aymara, masculine
aztèque, masculine
baasiste, masculine
baassiste, masculine
baathiste, masculine
babacool, masculine
baccarin, masculine
bactériologiste, masculine
a, masculine
aâda, feminine
aalandaise, feminine
aar, feminine
abaisse, feminine
abajoue, feminine
abaliénation, feminine
abandonneuse, feminine
abasie, feminine
abduction, feminine
abeille, feminine
abiogenèse, feminine
abiose, feminine
ablaquéation, feminine
ablation, feminine
ablution, feminine
abnégation, feminine
abolition, feminine
abrogation, feminine
abréviatrice, feminine
absente, feminine
abstinence, feminine
absurdité, feminine
académie, feminine
acanthe, feminine
acceptation, feminine
accolade, feminine
accommodation, feminine
accompagnatrice, feminine
acculturation, feminine
accélération, feminine
acinésie, feminine
acné, feminine
acoustique, feminine
action, feminine
activité, feminine
actrice, feminine
actualité, feminine
addiction, feminine
addition, feminine
adhæsion, feminine
administration, feminine
adresse, feminine
affine, feminine
affinité, feminine
affirmation, feminine
agglutination, feminine
agilité, feminine
agitation, feminine
aa, masculine
abaissement, masculine
abaisseur, masculine
abandon, masculine
abandonnement, masculine
abaque, masculine
abat, masculine
abattage, masculine
abattant, masculine
abattement, masculine
abatteur, masculine
abattis, masculine
abattoir, masculine
abbaye, feminine
abbé, masculine
abciximab, masculine
abcès, masculine
abdomen, masculine
abducteur, masculine
ablatif, masculine
aboiement, masculine
abonnement, masculine
aboutissant, masculine
abraxas, masculine
abrégé, masculine
abréviateur, masculine
abécédaire, masculine
abîme, masculine
acabit, masculine
accident, masculine
acclamateur, masculine
acclimateur, masculine
accommodateur, masculine
accompagnateur, masculine
accord, masculine
accueil, masculine
accélérateur, masculine
achat, masculine
acier, masculine
activisme, masculine
acéraille, masculine
adiante, masculine
aaron, masculine
abaca, masculine
abacule, masculine
abaddon, masculine
abalourdissement, masculine
abandonné, masculine
abasourdissement, masculine
abatage, masculine
abatant, masculine
abâtardissement, masculine
abatis, masculine
abaza, masculine
abbeville, masculine
abc, masculine
abdoul, masculine
abeau, masculine
abel, masculine
abélard, masculine
abêtissement, masculine
abigéat, masculine
’ndrangheta, feminine
abattée, feminine
abaya, feminine
abbatiale, feminine
abbesse, feminine
abdication, feminine
abdominoscopie, feminine
abeline, feminine
abelsonite, feminine
aberration, feminine
abidjan, feminine
abigaël, feminine
abigaïl, feminine
abjection, feminine
abjuration, feminine
abkhazie, feminine
ablette, feminine
ablutophobie, feminine
abomination, feminine
abondance, feminine
aboulie, masculine
abrasion, feminine
abréviation, feminine
abruzzaise, feminine
abscisse, feminine
abscission, feminine
absence, feminine
abside, feminine
absidiole, feminine
abatée, feminine
abatteuse, feminine
abatture, feminine
abattures, feminine
abbevilloise, feminine
abby, feminine
abcédation, feminine
abcédographie, feminine
abée, feminine
abélia, masculine
abélie, feminine
abelone, feminine
abénaquise, feminine
aberdeen, feminine
aberdonienne, feminine
aberrance, feminine
abidjanaise, feminine
abiétacée, feminine
abiétacées, feminine
abiétaie, feminine
abitibi, feminine
abitibienne, feminine
abkhazienne, feminine
ablactation, feminine
ablastine, feminine
ablépharie, feminine
ablons, feminine
ablutions, feminine
aboméenne, feminine
abonnée, feminine
aboyeuse, feminine
abrasivité, feminine
aaaaa, masculine
aalandais, masculine
aalénien, masculine
abacost, masculine
abalone, masculine
abandonnateur, masculine
abandonneur, masculine
abatacept, masculine
abats, masculine
abbatial, masculine
abbatiat, masculine
abbevillien, masculine
abbevillois, masculine
agora, feminine
agrafeuse, feminine
agression, feminine
agriculture, feminine
aigle, masculine
aile, feminine
aire, feminine
aisance, feminine
aisselle, feminine
akinésie, feminine
alacrité, feminine
alchimie, feminine
aleine, feminine
allergologie, feminine
allitération, feminine
allure, feminine
allusion, feminine
alluvion, feminine
allœopathie, feminine
alouette, feminine
altesse, feminine
amabilité, feminine
ambassade, feminine
ambiguïté, feminine
ambition, feminine
amende, feminine
amie, feminine
amitié, feminine
aménité, feminine
amœbe, feminine
amœnité, feminine
analytique, feminine
anaphase, feminine
anche, feminine
ancre, feminine
anguille, feminine
animation, feminine
anneau, masculine
annulation, feminine
année, feminine
anthropologie, feminine
anthropophagie, feminine
anthropotomie, feminine
antiquité, feminine
antiraciste, masculine
anxiété, feminine
anæmie, feminine
anæsthésie, feminine
aphærese, feminine
aphérèse, feminine
apocalypse, feminine
apologétique, feminine
apparence, feminine
approche, feminine
appréciation, feminine
aquaculture, feminine
aquiculture, feminine
arachnophobie, feminine
araignée, feminine
architecture, feminine
archæologie, feminine
archéologie, feminine
argentine, feminine
argile, feminine
argovie, feminine
adieu, masculine
adjectif, masculine
adobe, masculine
adolescent, masculine
adoubement, masculine
adverbe, masculine
affaiblissement, masculine
affairé, masculine
affichage, masculine
afficionado, masculine
agas, masculine
agave, feminine
agent, masculine
agir, masculine
agneau, masculine
agriculteur, masculine
ail, masculine
ain, masculine
ajout, masculine
aki, masculine
ala, masculine
albe, masculine
alcaloïde, masculine
alcool, masculine
aldéhyde, masculine
algèbre, feminine
alinéa, masculine
aller, masculine
alliage, masculine
alligator, masculine
alpha, masculine
alphabet, masculine
amant, masculine
amas, masculine
ambe, masculine
ambre, feminine
ame, masculine
ami, feminine
amigo, masculine
amour, feminine
amoureux, feminine
amphibie, masculine
amphibien, masculine
amœbocyte, masculine
amœboïde, masculine
an, masculine
analyseur, masculine
ancien, masculine
ancœur, masculine
androïde, masculine
anesthésique, feminine
ange, feminine
anglois, masculine
animal, masculine
anniversaire, masculine
annonce, feminine
anthropocentrisme, masculine
anticorps, masculine
antilogarithme, masculine
antépisode, masculine
anœstrus, masculine
août, masculine
aperçu, masculine
able, masculine
aboi, masculine
abolissement, masculine
abolitionnisme, masculine
abonné, masculine
abord, masculine
abordage, masculine
abouchement, masculine
about, masculine
aboutissement, masculine
abracadabra, masculine
abraham, masculine
abrégement, masculine
abreuvage, masculine
abreuvement, masculine
abreuvoir, masculine
abri, masculine
abribus, masculine
abricot, masculine
abricotier, masculine
abrivent, masculine
abruti, masculine
abrutissement, masculine
abruzzais, masculine
abruzzes, feminine
absentéisme, masculine
absolu, masculine
absolutisme, masculine
absorbeur, masculine
abstème, masculine
abstentionniste, feminine
abstractionnisme, masculine
abstractionniste, feminine
abstrait, masculine
absurde, masculine
abus, masculine
abysse, masculine
acacia, masculine
académicien, masculine
académisme, feminine
acadien, masculine
acajou, masculine
acanthocyte, masculine
acare, masculine
acaricide, masculine
acarien, masculine
acarus, masculine
acatholique, masculine
accablement, masculine
accaparement, masculine
accapareur, masculine
accastillage, masculine
accéléromètre, masculine
accent, masculine
accepteur, masculine
accès, masculine
accessit, masculine
absinthe, feminine
absolution, feminine
absorption, feminine
absorptivité, feminine
absoute, feminine
abstention, feminine
abstersion, feminine
abstraction, feminine
abyssinie, feminine
acadie, feminine
acadienne, feminine
acalculie, feminine
acanthite, feminine
acarophobie, feminine
accalmie, feminine
accentuation, feminine
acceptabilité, feminine
acception, feminine
accessibilité, feminine
accession, feminine
accise, feminine
acclamation, feminine
acclimatation, feminine
accointance, feminine
accolure, feminine
accordailles, feminine
accore, masculine
accortise, feminine
accouchée, feminine
accoucheuse, feminine
accouple, feminine
accoutumance, feminine
accréditation, feminine
accrue, feminine
accumulation, feminine
accusation, feminine
acéphalie, feminine
acerbité, feminine
acétone, feminine
acétonémie, feminine
acétylation, feminine
acétylcholine, feminine
acétylcholinestérase, feminine
acétylène, masculine
ache, masculine
achillée, feminine
achluophobie, feminine
achondroplasie, feminine
achromatisation, feminine
achromatopsie, feminine
achromie, feminine
acidification, feminine
acidimétrie, feminine
acidité, feminine
acidocétose, feminine
acidose, feminine
abréaction, feminine
abricotine, feminine
abrine, feminine
abrutie, feminine
absorbabilité, feminine
absorbance, feminine
absorbeuse, feminine
abstracteuse, feminine
absurdie, feminine
abuseuse, feminine
académicienne, feminine
acapulcoïte, feminine
acariâtreté, feminine
acarnanie, feminine
acarologie, feminine
acatalepsie, feminine
acathisie, feminine
acc, masculine
accapareuse, feminine
accédante, feminine
accessoirisation, feminine
acciaccatura, feminine
accidentalité, feminine
accidentologie, feminine
abdias, masculine
abdo, masculine
abdominaux, masculine
abdos, masculine
abdoulaye, masculine
abdoulla, masculine
abducens, masculine
abeillage, masculine
abeiller, masculine
abeillier, masculine
abelia, masculine
abelin, masculine
abélonien, masculine
abénaquis, masculine
aber, masculine
aberdonien, masculine
abessif, masculine
abhinaya, masculine
abidjanais, masculine
abies, masculine
abigeat, masculine
abime, masculine
abinomn, masculine
abitibien, masculine
abjurateur, masculine
abkhazien, masculine
ablégat, masculine
abléphare, masculine
ableret, masculine
ablier, masculine
abois, masculine
aboiteau, masculine
aboméen, masculine
abondement, masculine
abonnissement, masculine
abordeur, masculine
abords, masculine
abornement, masculine
aridité, feminine
armée, feminine
arménie, feminine
articulation, feminine
artillerie, feminine
ascension, feminine
aspiration, feminine
assiette, feminine
assimilation, feminine
association, feminine
astronomie, feminine
astuce, feminine
atmosphære, feminine
attention, feminine
attitude, feminine
attribution, feminine
audace, feminine
audibilité, feminine
audition, feminine
aula, feminine
aura, feminine
aurore, feminine
authenticité, feminine
autobiographie, feminine
automatique, masculine
automatisation, feminine
autorité, feminine
autrice, feminine
auvergne, feminine
auxine, feminine
aventure, feminine
avocate, feminine
avoine, feminine
axonge, feminine
aya, masculine
azalée, feminine
azerole, feminine
aïeule, feminine
babine, feminine
babiole, feminine
baccalauréat, masculine
bagarre, feminine
baguette, feminine
balistique, feminine
bandurria, feminine
banque, masculine
barbe, masculine
barricade, feminine
bassesse, feminine
basta, masculine
bataille, feminine
beauté, feminine
belette, feminine
belliciste, masculine
berne, feminine
bestialité, feminine
bibliographie, feminine
bibliophage, masculine
bibliophile, masculine
bibliothèque, feminine
bienvenue, feminine
bimbeloterie, feminine
biochimie, feminine
biographie, feminine
biologie, feminine
aphorisme, masculine
apothicaire, masculine
appaloosa, masculine
appareil, masculine
appartement, masculine
appel, masculine
approvisionnement, masculine
appui, masculine
appétit, masculine
aquarium, masculine
aquæduc, masculine
arbitraire, masculine
arbre, masculine
arbrisseau, masculine
arbuste, masculine
archaïsme, masculine
archevêché, masculine
argent, masculine
argot, masculine
armistice, masculine
arrière, masculine
artichaut, masculine
article, masculine
artisan, masculine
aræometre, masculine
arçon, masculine
ascenseur, masculine
asperge, feminine
assault, masculine
assaut, masculine
asticot, masculine
atavisme, masculine
athenæe, masculine
atoll, masculine
attacheur, masculine
aucteur, masculine
audit, masculine
australien, masculine
autographe, feminine
automne, masculine
autour, masculine
autrui, masculine
ave, masculine
avenir, masculine
avion, masculine
avis, masculine
avocat, masculine
avoir, masculine
avril, feminine
axiome, masculine
axolotl, masculine
ay, masculine
azeraille, masculine
azerolier, masculine
azerou, masculine
azimut, masculine
azotate, masculine
azote, masculine
azur, masculine
azyme, masculine
azédarac, masculine
aéronef, masculine
aéroport, masculine
aérostat, masculine
aïeul, masculine
accessoires, masculine
accidenté, masculine
acclimatement, masculine
accolage, masculine
accommodage, masculine
accommodement, masculine
accompagnement, masculine
accomplissement, masculine
accordage, masculine
accordé, masculine
accordement, masculine
accordéon, masculine
accordeur, masculine
accordoir, masculine
accostage, masculine
accot, masculine
accotement, masculine
accotoir, masculine
accouchement, masculine
accoucheur, masculine
accoudoir, masculine
accouplement, masculine
accourcissement, masculine
accoutrement, masculine
accréditeur, masculine
accréditif, masculine
accroc, masculine
accrochage, masculine
accrochement, masculine
accroissement, masculine
accroupissement, masculine
accu, masculine
accumulateur, masculine
accusateur, masculine
accusatif, masculine
ace, feminine
acénocoumarol, masculine
acérage, masculine
acétal, masculine
acétaldéhyde, masculine
acétate, masculine
acétimètre, masculine
achalandage, masculine
acharnement, masculine
acheminement, masculine
acheteur, masculine
achevage, masculine
achèvement, masculine
achevoir, masculine
achgabat, masculine
achille, masculine
achoppement, masculine
achromatisme, masculine
acidage, masculine
acide, masculine
acidulation, feminine
aciérie, feminine
acitrétine, feminine
aconitine, feminine
açores, feminine
acquisition, feminine
acre, masculine
âcreté, feminine
acridine, feminine
acrimonie, feminine
acrobatie, feminine
acromégalie, feminine
acrophobie, feminine
acropole, feminine
actine, feminine
actinologie, feminine
actinomycose, masculine
actinote, feminine
activation, feminine
actualisation, feminine
acuité, feminine
acuponcture, feminine
acupression, feminine
acupressure, feminine
acupuncture, feminine
adaptabilité, feminine
adaptation, feminine
additionneuse, feminine
adduction, feminine
adélaïde, feminine
adèle, feminine
adélie, feminine
adeline, feminine
adénine, feminine
adénomyose, feminine
adéquation, feminine
adermine, feminine
adhérence, feminine
adhésion, feminine
adhésivité, feminine
adiabatique, feminine
adipose, feminine
adiposité, feminine
adition, feminine
adjonction, feminine
adjudication, feminine
adjuration, feminine
administratrice, feminine
admiration, feminine
admiratrice, feminine
admissibilité, feminine
admission, feminine
admittance, feminine
admonestation, feminine
admonition, feminine
acconière, feminine
accrémentition, feminine
accrétion, feminine
accrobranche, feminine
accroche, feminine
accumobile, feminine
accumulatrice, feminine
acédie, feminine
acériculture, feminine
acescence, feminine
acétalisation, feminine
acétification, feminine
acétoïne, feminine
acétonurie, feminine
acétylglucosamine, feminine
abortif, masculine
abot, masculine
aboteau, masculine
abou, masculine
aboutement, masculine
aboyeur, masculine
abrasif, masculine
abrasimètre, masculine
abrasin, masculine
abrègement, masculine
biroute, feminine
biscutelle, feminine
bite, feminine
bière, feminine
blague, feminine
blanche, feminine
blanchisserie, feminine
blatte, feminine
blessure, feminine
blonde, feminine
boisson, feminine
aïeux, masculine
babeurre, masculine
babil, masculine
babillage, masculine
babillard, masculine
babillement, masculine
bac, feminine
adolescence, feminine
adolescente, feminine
adoption, feminine
adoration, feminine
adoratrice, feminine
adrénaline, feminine
badiste, masculine
baléare, masculine
balletomane, masculine
bandagiste, masculine
banjoïste, masculine
bantouïste, masculine
baoulé, masculine
baptiste, masculine
barbouze, masculine
barjo, masculine
basque, masculine
bassiste, masculine
batave, masculine
ba'thiste, masculine
baudrit, masculine
béarnais, masculine
beatnik, masculine
beaudry, masculine
bédéiste, masculine
bédéphile, masculine
bègue, masculine
bégueule, masculine
belge, masculine
bellouniste, masculine
bénéficiaire, masculine
bénévole, masculine
bengue, masculine
bengué, masculine
berbère, masculine
berbériste, masculine
berbérophone, masculine
bi, masculine
biathlète, masculine
bibliographe, masculine
bibliothécaire, masculine
bibliovore, masculine
bicycliste, masculine
biélorusse, masculine
biélorussophone, masculine
bigame, masculine
bigophoniste, masculine
bilodeau, masculine
bimétalliste, masculine
biochimiste, masculine
bioclimatologue, masculine
biogéographe, masculine
biographe, masculine
biologiste, masculine
biothérapeute, masculine
bisounours, masculine
biturige, masculine
black, masculine
blanquiste, masculine
bloquiste, masculine
bobo, masculine
bobovnikoff, masculine
boche, masculine
bohème, masculine
bolchevique, masculine
bolchévique, masculine
bolcheviste, masculine
bolivariste, masculine
bollandiste, masculine
bompas, masculine
bonapartiste, masculine
borgne, masculine
boriaud, masculine
bosniaque, masculine
boss, masculine
botaniste, masculine
bouddhiste, masculine
bougnoule, masculine
boulangiste, masculine
bouliste, masculine
bouquiniste, masculine
bourbonnais, masculine
bourge, masculine
bourgmestre, masculine
boutaleb, masculine
bouvette, masculine
boyer, masculine
bradfer, masculine
bréant, masculine
britannique, masculine
brittophone, masculine
buchez, masculine
budgétivore, masculine
buemi, masculine
bulgare, masculine
bulgarophile, masculine
buraliste, masculine
burgonde, masculine
byzantinologue, masculine
câbliste, masculine
cairote, masculine
calligraphe, masculine
calviniste, masculine
camarade, masculine
campanologue, masculine
canavan, masculine
cancer, masculine
cancérologue, masculine
candide, masculine
canet, masculine
caniche, masculine
cannibale, masculine
canoéiste, masculine
canoniste, masculine
capitaliste, masculine
capricorne, masculine
caquiste, masculine
caraïbe, masculine
caramel, masculine
cardiologue, masculine
caricaturiste, masculine
cariste, masculine
carliste, masculine
carrière, masculine
carriériste, masculine
cartographe, masculine
cartophile, masculine
cassos, masculine
castriste, masculine
catalanophone, masculine
catastrophiste, masculine
catéchumène, masculine
cathare, masculine
catho, masculine
catholique, masculine
caucasologue, masculine
caviste, masculine
cazalé, masculine
cédétiste, masculine
cégétiste, masculine
célibataire, masculine
celte, masculine
centenaire, masculine
centrasiatique, masculine
centriste, masculine
cervoliste, masculine
cessionnaire, masculine
chabab, masculine
chaban, masculine
chabert, masculine
chaîniste, masculine
chambriste, masculine
champignonniste, masculine
chantre, masculine
chartiste, masculine
chauffagiste, masculine
chauve, masculine
chauviniste, masculine
chaviste, masculine
cheyenne, masculine
chichportich, masculine
chienlit, masculine
chiite, masculine
chimiste, masculine
chorégraphe, masculine
choriste, masculine
chresmologue, masculine
christadelphe, masculine
chromiste, masculine
chronique, masculine
chronophobe, masculine
chti, masculine
chtimi, masculine
chymiste, masculine
chypriote, masculine
cibiste, masculine
cinéaste, masculine
cinéphile, masculine
cisgenre, masculine
citadin, masculine
cithariste, masculine
civiliste, masculine
clarinettiste, masculine
claustrophobe, masculine
claveciniste, masculine
claviériste, masculine
clém, masculine
cleptocrate, masculine
cleptomane, masculine
climatologue, masculine
climatosceptique, masculine
adriatique, feminine
adrienne, feminine
adsorption, feminine
adulaire, feminine
adulation, feminine
adultération, feminine
advection, feminine
adversité, feminine
adyguée, feminine
adynamie, feminine
aération, feminine
aérodynamique, feminine
aérogare, feminine
aérologie, feminine
aéronautique, feminine
aéronomie, feminine
aérophagie, feminine
aérophobie, feminine
aérostation, feminine
aérostatique, feminine
aérothérapie, feminine
affabilité, feminine
affabulation, feminine
affaire, feminine
affaires, feminine
affectation, feminine
affection, feminine
affectivité, feminine
affectuosité, feminine
afféterie, feminine
affiche, feminine
affiliation, feminine
affiloire, feminine
affinerie, feminine
acidimètre, masculine
acidophile, masculine
aciérage, masculine
acinus, masculine
acmé, feminine
acolyte, masculine
acompte, masculine
aconit, masculine
acore, masculine
acquéreur, masculine
acquêt, masculine
acquiescement, masculine
acquis, masculine
acquit, masculine
acquittement, masculine
acronyme, masculine
acrostiche, feminine
acrotère, masculine
acrylate, masculine
acrylique, masculine
acrylonitrile, masculine
bagage, masculine
bagne, masculine
baguel, masculine
baiser, masculine
baisers, masculine
baiseur, masculine
baladeur, masculine
balai, masculine
ballet, masculine
balourd, masculine
bambin, masculine
bar, masculine
barbarisme, masculine
barnage, masculine
baromètre, masculine
basilic, masculine
bateau, masculine
beau, masculine
beignet, masculine
bellicisme, masculine
berceau, masculine
besoin, masculine
beurre, masculine
bezant, masculine
bide, masculine
bien, masculine
bijou, masculine
biniou, masculine
bisou, masculine
bistro, masculine
bit, masculine
bjr, masculine
bleu, masculine
blizzard, masculine
blé, masculine
bois, masculine
boix, masculine
bombonnière, feminine
bonne, feminine
bonté, feminine
botanique, feminine
bouche, feminine
boucherie, feminine
bouchette, feminine
boucle, feminine
bouclette, feminine
bouillon, masculine
bourgeoisie, feminine
boussole, feminine
bouteille, feminine
brebis, feminine
brique, feminine
brochure, feminine
brusquerie, masculine
brûlure, feminine
bulle, feminine
bureaucratie, feminine
burqa, feminine
but, masculine
buvette, feminine
bâle, feminine
bélouga, masculine
bénédiction, feminine
bêche, feminine
bête, feminine
bêtise, feminine
bûcheronne, feminine
cachette, feminine
caféine, feminine
cagoule, feminine
calamité, masculine
caldeira, feminine
cale, feminine
came, feminine
campagne, masculine
canadian, masculine
capa, feminine
capacité, feminine
capitaine, masculine
captivité, feminine
caractéristique, feminine
caravelle, masculine
affixe, masculine
affliction, feminine
affluence, feminine
affres, feminine
affronterie, feminine
affusion, feminine
affûteuse, feminine
afghane, feminine
africaine, feminine
africanisation, feminine
afrique, feminine
agace, feminine
agacerie, feminine
agapanthe, feminine
agape, feminine
agate, feminine
agathe, feminine
agence, feminine
agénésie, feminine
agglomération, feminine
agglutinine, feminine
aggravation, feminine
agmatine, feminine
agnation, feminine
agnelée, feminine
agneline, feminine
agnelle, feminine
agnès, feminine
agnosie, feminine
agogique, feminine
agonie, feminine
agoraphobe, masculine
agoraphobie, feminine
agrafe, feminine
agranulocytose, feminine
agraphie, feminine
agrégation, feminine
agressivité, feminine
agricultrice, feminine
agrochimie, feminine
agrologie, feminine
agronomie, feminine
aïcha, feminine
aigrette, feminine
aigreur, feminine
aiguière, feminine
aiguille, feminine
aiguillette, feminine
ailette, feminine
ailière, feminine
aillade, feminine
ailourophobie, feminine
acte, masculine
acteur, masculine
actif, masculine
actinium, masculine
actionnement, masculine
activateur, masculine
activeur, masculine
acuponcteur, masculine
acupuncteur, masculine
adage, masculine
adam, masculine
adaptateur, masculine
addenda, masculine
additionneur, masculine
adénome, masculine
adénovirus, masculine
adent, masculine
adhérent, masculine
adhésif, masculine
adipocyte, masculine
adjoint, masculine
adjudant, masculine
adjuvant, masculine
administrateur, masculine
administré, masculine
admirateur, masculine
adolphe, masculine
adonis, masculine
adorateur, masculine
ados, masculine
adoucissage, masculine
adoucissement, masculine
adoucisseur, masculine
adrien, masculine
adulateur, masculine
adultérateur, masculine
aède, masculine
aérage, masculine
aérateur, masculine
aérobic, feminine
aéroclub, masculine
aérodrome, masculine
aérodyne, masculine
aéroglisseur, masculine
aérographe, masculine
aérolithe, masculine
aéromètre, masculine
aéromoteur, masculine
aérophone, masculine
aéroplane, masculine
bol, masculine
bombon, masculine
bordel, masculine
boucher, masculine
bouchon, masculine
bouddhisme, masculine
boule, feminine
boulier, masculine
bourdon, masculine
bourg, masculine
bourgeon, masculine
bout, masculine
bouton, masculine
brachyœsophage, masculine
bravo, masculine
bredouillis, masculine
breuvage, masculine
bridge, masculine
brie, masculine
brouhaha, masculine
brouillard, masculine
bruit, masculine
brunissage, masculine
brut, masculine
brûleur, masculine
bureau, masculine
bâbord, masculine
bâtiment, masculine
bâtisseur, masculine
bâton, masculine
bé, masculine
bégaiement, masculine
bélier, masculine
béret, masculine
bétail, masculine
bêta, masculine
bûcheron, masculine
bœuf, masculine
cabas, masculine
cabestan, masculine
cacao, masculine
cachalot, masculine
cache, feminine
cachot, masculine
cadavre, masculine
cadeau, masculine
cadet, masculine
cadran, masculine
cadre, masculine
cadreur, masculine
cafard, masculine
café, masculine
cahier, masculine
caillou, masculine
caisse, feminine
calendrier, masculine
calmar, masculine
calorique, masculine
calot, masculine
camembert, masculine
camion, masculine
camp, masculine
camphre, masculine
campus, masculine
caméléon, masculine
caméo, masculine
canard, masculine
canif, masculine
capitalisme, masculine
capodastre, masculine
carcassonne, feminine
carotte, feminine
carte, feminine
cartomancie, feminine
castration, feminine
catastrophe, feminine
catholicité, feminine
catégorie, feminine
cave, masculine
cavité, feminine
cedilha, feminine
ceinture, feminine
cellule, feminine
cendre, feminine
cephalæe, feminine
chair, feminine
chambre, feminine
chance, feminine
chapelle, feminine
charcuterie, feminine
charge, feminine
charité, feminine
chassie, feminine
chasteté, feminine
chaussette, feminine
chaussure, feminine
chaussée, feminine
chaux, feminine
chaîne, feminine
cheminée, feminine
chemise, feminine
chenille, feminine
chevalerie, feminine
cheville, feminine
chimie, feminine
chimiothérapie, feminine
chirurgie, feminine
chirurgienne, feminine
chorde, feminine
chose, feminine
chouette, feminine
chronologie, feminine
chute, feminine
chèvre, masculine
ciboulette, feminine
cil, masculine
circoncision, feminine
circonférence, feminine
circonstance, feminine
citadelle, feminine
citation, feminine
cithare, feminine
citrouille, feminine
civilisation, feminine
clarté, feminine
classification, feminine
clef, feminine
clinique, feminine
cloison, feminine
clé, feminine
clémence, feminine
coercition, feminine
coexistence, feminine
cohæsion, feminine
cohésion, feminine
collation, feminine
collection, feminine
aimantation, feminine
aimée, feminine
aine, feminine
aînesse, feminine
airelle, feminine
aise, feminine
aissette, feminine
ajoute, feminine
alanine, feminine
alarme, feminine
albanaise, feminine
albane, feminine
albanie, feminine
alberta, feminine
alberte, feminine
albertine, feminine
albite, feminine
albumine, feminine
albuminurie, feminine
alcalinisation, feminine
alcalinité, feminine
alcalisation, feminine
alchimiste, masculine
alcoolisation, feminine
alcoolodépendance, feminine
alcoolyse, feminine
alcôve, feminine
alêne, feminine
alep, masculine
alerte, feminine
aléseuse, feminine
alexandra, masculine
alexandrie, feminine
alexandrine, masculine
alexandrite, feminine
alexia, feminine
alexine, feminine
alexithymie, feminine
alèze, feminine
algarade, feminine
alger, feminine
algérie, feminine
algérienne, feminine
algie, feminine
algine, feminine
algophobie, feminine
algue, feminine
alibilité, feminine
alicia, feminine
alidade, feminine
aliénation, feminine
aliénor, feminine
alimentation, feminine
aline, feminine
aliquote, feminine
alise, feminine
alison, feminine
alix, feminine
alizarine, feminine
allée, feminine
aérosol, masculine
afar, masculine
affabulateur, masculine
affaiblisseur, masculine
affairement, masculine
affaissement, masculine
affermage, masculine
affermissement, masculine
afficheur, masculine
affidé, masculine
affilage, masculine
affileur, masculine
affiloir, masculine
affin, masculine
affinage, masculine
affiquet, masculine
affleurement, masculine
affluent, masculine
afflux, masculine
affolement, masculine
affouage, masculine
affouillement, masculine
affranchi, masculine
affranchissement, masculine
affranchisseur, masculine
affrètement, masculine
affréteur, masculine
affreux, masculine
affront, masculine
affrontement, masculine
affronteur, masculine
affût, masculine
affûtage, masculine
affûteur, masculine
affûtiau, masculine
afghan, masculine
afghanistan, masculine
africain, masculine
afrikaans, masculine
afro, masculine
agacement, masculine
agame, masculine
agaric, masculine
agathon, masculine
âge, feminine
agencement, masculine
agenda, masculine
agenouillement, masculine
agenouilloir, masculine
aggiornamento, masculine
agglomérat, masculine
aggloméré, masculine
agio, masculine
agiotage, masculine
agioteur, masculine
agissements, masculine
agitateur, masculine
agnat, masculine
agnelet, masculine
capulin, masculine
caquet, masculine
car, masculine
caractere, masculine
caractère, masculine
carbone, masculine
cardinal, masculine
carnotaure, masculine
cartilage, masculine
casque, masculine
catalan, masculine
catalogue, masculine
catholicisme, masculine
cauchemar, masculine
cavalerie, feminine
cavaquinho, masculine
ceinturier, masculine
cellier, masculine
centralisme, masculine
centre, masculine
cercueil, masculine
cerf, masculine
ceste, masculine
chai, masculine
chalandage, masculine
champ, masculine
champignon, masculine
chamæleon, masculine
chamæléon, masculine
chanvre, masculine
chapeau, masculine
chapelet, masculine
chaperon, masculine
charactere, masculine
charactère, masculine
charcutier, masculine
charme, masculine
chasseur, masculine
chat, masculine
chaton, masculine
chauffeur, masculine
chauvinisme, masculine
chef, masculine
chemin, masculine
cheval, masculine
chevalet, masculine
chevalier, feminine
chevaucheur, masculine
chien, masculine
chiffon, masculine
chilomètre, masculine
chiot, masculine
chirurgien, masculine
chocolat, masculine
christ, masculine
chrome, masculine
châssis, masculine
château, masculine
chêne, masculine
chœnix, masculine
chœur, masculine
cidre, masculine
ciseaux, masculine
citron, masculine
cittadin, masculine
collectivité, feminine
colombie, feminine
colonie, feminine
colonisation, feminine
colonne, feminine
colère, feminine
combustion, feminine
comestion, feminine
commode, masculine
commodité, feminine
communauté, feminine
commune, feminine
communication, feminine
compassion, feminine
complexité, feminine
complice, masculine
complicité, feminine
compréhension, feminine
compétence, feminine
compétition, feminine
comédie, feminine
comœdie, feminine
conception, feminine
concorde, feminine
concubine, feminine
condition, feminine
confiance, feminine
confidence, feminine
confirmation, feminine
confiture, feminine
confussion, feminine
confédération, feminine
confœderation, feminine
conjugaison, feminine
connaissance, feminine
connerie, feminine
connexion, feminine
conscience, feminine
consequence, feminine
considération, feminine
consommation, feminine
constitution, feminine
constructrice, feminine
conséquence, feminine
continuation, feminine
continuité, feminine
contradiction, feminine
contrariété, feminine
conversation, feminine
coopération, feminine
coprophage, masculine
coquelicot, masculine
coquille, feminine
corde, feminine
cordialité, feminine
coroutine, feminine
corpulence, feminine
correction, feminine
couche, feminine
couette, feminine
coulisse, feminine
coupure, feminine
courgette, feminine
cours, masculine
course, feminine
cousine, feminine
coxarthrie, feminine
coxarthrose, feminine
coëmption, feminine
coërcibilité, feminine
coërcition, feminine
abricoté, masculine
abrogateur, masculine
abrotone, masculine
abs, masculine
absalom, masculine
absalon, masculine
absent, masculine
absinthisme, masculine
absoluteur, masculine
absolutif, masculine
achaïe, feminine
allégation, feminine
allège, feminine
allégeance, feminine
allégorie, feminine
allégresse, feminine
allemagne, feminine
allemande, feminine
agnosticisme, masculine
agrafage, masculine
agrammatisme, masculine
agrandissement, masculine
agrandisseur, masculine
agréage, masculine
clarissime, masculine
clavier, masculine
climat, masculine
clitoris, masculine
clochard, masculine
clocher, masculine
coëxistence, feminine
coöpération, feminine
crevasse, feminine
crossectomie, feminine
croyance, feminine
absorbant, masculine
abstentionnisme, masculine
abstersif, masculine
abstinent, masculine
abstracteur, masculine
abugida, masculine
abuseur, masculine
abutilon, masculine
abyme, masculine
abyssin, masculine
abyssinien, masculine
açaï, masculine
acanthocéphale, masculine
acanthoptérygien, masculine
acanthure, masculine
acarbose, masculine
acastilleur, masculine
accadien, masculine
accédant, masculine
accéléré, masculine
accélérographe, masculine
accesseur, masculine
accessoire, masculine
accisien, masculine
accolement, masculine
accommodat, masculine
achalandeuse, feminine
achalasie, feminine
acheteuse, feminine
achoura, feminine
achromaticité, feminine
achylie, feminine
aciculisylve, feminine
aciération, feminine
acmite, feminine
aconière, feminine
açoréenne, feminine
açorienne, feminine
acotylédone, feminine
acoua, feminine
acoumétrie, feminine
acousticienne, feminine
acquéresse, feminine
acquéreuse, feminine
acrocéphalie, feminine
acrocyanose, feminine
acrodynie, feminine
acroléine, feminine
acrophonie, feminine
acrylamide, feminine
actinie, feminine
actinite, feminine
actinobiologie, feminine
actinolite, feminine
actinométrie, feminine
actinomycète, feminine
actinomycine, feminine
actinoscopie, feminine
actinothérapie, feminine
accon, masculine
acconage, masculine
acconier, masculine
accoudement, masculine
accouvage, masculine
accrocheur, masculine
accusé, masculine
acébutolol, masculine
acénaphtène, masculine
acénaphtènequinone, masculine
acénaphtylène, masculine
acène, masculine
acérola, masculine
acétabule, masculine
acétamide, masculine
acétoacétate, masculine
acétoacétyl, masculine
acétoarsénite, masculine
acétobacter, masculine
acétolactate, masculine
acétomètre, masculine
acétonitrile, masculine
acétyl, masculine
acétylaminophénol, masculine
acétylméthylcarbinol, masculine
acétylure, masculine
actu, feminine
acuponctrice, feminine
acupunctrice, feminine
adamantinome, feminine
adaptatrice, feminine
addicte, feminine
addictologie, feminine
additivation, feminine
additivité, feminine
adénite, feminine
adénographie, feminine
adénoïdectomie, feminine
adénomatose, feminine
adénopathie, feminine
adénosine, feminine
adhérente, feminine
adhésine, feminine
adiabatie, feminine
adiabène, feminine
adiaphorèse, feminine
adimi, masculine
adipolyse, feminine
adipopexie, feminine
adipsie, feminine
adja, feminine
adjacence, feminine
adjani, masculine
adjectivation, feminine
adjectivisation, feminine
adjointe, feminine
adjudante, feminine
adjudicatrice, feminine
aceum, masculine
acéum, masculine
achaine, masculine
achalandeur, masculine
achard, masculine
acharisme, masculine
achène, masculine
achéron, masculine
achigan, masculine
acholi, masculine
achour, masculine
achromat, masculine
acicule, masculine
admixtion, feminine
adoptée, feminine
adragante, feminine
adsorboluminescence, feminine
adulatrice, feminine
adustion, feminine
adventice, feminine
ææa, feminine
ædification, feminine
ægée, masculine
aegirine, feminine
ægophonie, feminine
ægypte, feminine
ægyptienne, feminine
aele, feminine
æmulation, feminine
ænigme, masculine
æolie, feminine
clubiste, masculine
coactionnaire, masculine
cobaye, masculine
cocaïnomane, masculine
coco, masculine
colbertiste, masculine
collabo, masculine
collaborationniste, masculine
collagiste, masculine
collègue, masculine
coloc, masculine
colocataire, masculine
colombophile, masculine
colonialiste, masculine
coloriste, masculine
commissaire, masculine
commissionnaire, masculine
commodore, masculine
communiste, masculine
comparatiste, masculine
comparse, masculine
compatriote, masculine
complotiste, masculine
comptable, masculine
concertiste, masculine
concessionnaire, masculine
concussionnaire, masculine
condisciple, masculine
conformiste, masculine
confucianiste, masculine
confusionniste, masculine
congénère, masculine
congressiste, masculine
conjoncturiste, masculine
conseilliste, masculine
conspirationniste, masculine
constable, masculine
constantinescu, masculine
constitutionnaliste, masculine
consumériste, masculine
contactologiste, masculine
contestataire, masculine
contorsionniste, masculine
contrapontiste, masculine
contrapuntiste, masculine
contrebassiste, masculine
contrerévolutionnaire, masculine
contribuable, masculine
controversiste, masculine
contumace, masculine
convive, masculine
copilote, masculine
copiste, masculine
copropriétaire, masculine
coreligionnaire, masculine
corfiote, masculine
cornettiste, masculine
corniste, masculine
coronasceptique, masculine
corse, masculine
coscénariste, masculine
cosignataire, masculine
cosmétologue, masculine
cosmochimiste, masculine
cosmographe, masculine
cosmologiste, masculine
cosmonaute, masculine
cosmopolite, masculine
costa, masculine
cotitulaire, masculine
coupable, masculine
cournut, masculine
crade, masculine
créac'h, masculine
créationniste, masculine
créditiste, masculine
créole, masculine
criminologiste, masculine
criminologue, masculine
cristallographe, masculine
critique, masculine
croate, masculine
croisiériste, masculine
croquemort, masculine
cruciverbiste, masculine
cryptanalyste, masculine
cryptographe, masculine
cryptologue, masculine
cubiste, masculine
culturaliste, masculine
culturiste, masculine
cyberactiviste, masculine
cyberterroriste, masculine
cycliste, masculine
cyclomotoriste, masculine
cyclotouriste, masculine
cymbaliste, masculine
cynique, masculine
cynophile, masculine
cypriote, masculine
cytologiste, masculine
dactylo, masculine
dactylographe, masculine
dadaïste, masculine
dæmoniaque, masculine
daltoniste, masculine
damascène, masculine
dantoniste, masculine
deauville, masculine
décliniste, masculine
dédicataire, masculine
défaitiste, masculine
déiste, masculine
délégataire, masculine
démagogue, masculine
démissionnaire, masculine
démocrate, masculine
démographe, masculine
démoniste, masculine
démonologue, masculine
denamiel, masculine
dentiste, masculine
dépositaire, masculine
dermato, masculine
dermatologiste, masculine
dermatologue, masculine
descartes, masculine
deslauriers, masculine
despote, masculine
despret, masculine
desprets, masculine
destinataire, masculine
détective, masculine
déterministe, masculine
deutéragoniste, masculine
dev, masculine
déviationniste, masculine
dezaly, masculine
diabétique, masculine
diabétologue, masculine
diaboliste, masculine
dialectologue, masculine
dialoguiste, masculine
diamantaire, masculine
didacte, masculine
diéséliste, masculine
diététiste, masculine
diffusionniste, masculine
dingue, masculine
diplomate, masculine
dipsomane, masculine
dirigiste, masculine
discophile, masculine
diurne, masculine
divisionniste, masculine
djihadiste, masculine
doberman, masculine
doctrinaire, masculine
documentaliste, masculine
documentariste, masculine
dodécaphoniste, masculine
dogmatiste, masculine
domestique, masculine
donatiste, masculine
dramaturge, masculine
drechsler, masculine
dromomane, masculine
droniste, masculine
drummer, masculine
dualiste, masculine
dubas, masculine
duelliste, masculine
duettiste, masculine
duhaime, masculine
dupin, masculine
dupont, masculine
dupuytren, masculine
dutriez, masculine
dyscalculique, masculine
dysentérique, masculine
dyslexique, masculine
échangiste, masculine
échographiste, masculine
croûte, feminine
cruauté, feminine
crèmerie, feminine
création, feminine
crédibilité, feminine
crémerie, feminine
crêpe, masculine
cuiller, feminine
cuillère, feminine
cuisine, feminine
cuisse, feminine
curiosité, feminine
cybernétique, feminine
cytochimie, feminine
cytocinèse, feminine
cytodiérèse, feminine
cytokine, feminine
cytokinèse, feminine
cæcité, feminine
cécité, feminine
cédille, feminine
célébration, feminine
célébrité, feminine
cénurose, feminine
céréale, feminine
cérémonie, feminine
côte, feminine
cœliotomie, feminine
cœnurose, feminine
da, feminine
dame, feminine
danse, feminine
datation, feminine
debte, feminine
demande, feminine
demeure, feminine
demoiselle, feminine
dent, feminine
destruction, feminine
dette, feminine
diablesse, feminine
diagnostique, feminine
dialectique, feminine
diarrhée, feminine
cobra, masculine
cocard, masculine
cochon, masculine
code, masculine
coeur, masculine
coffre, masculine
cohen, masculine
coiffure, feminine
col, masculine
collège, masculine
colonel, masculine
colonialisme, masculine
colporteur, masculine
combustible, masculine
commencement, masculine
communicateur, masculine
compagnon, masculine
compostage, masculine
compte, masculine
compteur, masculine
comptoir, masculine
con, masculine
concetto, masculine
concitoyen, masculine
conditionnel, masculine
condo, masculine
conflict, masculine
conflit, masculine
consensus, masculine
contact, masculine
contentement, masculine
contrat, masculine
convalescent, masculine
copain, masculine
cophin, masculine
coq, masculine
coquelet, masculine
cor, masculine
coronel, masculine
corps, masculine
corset, masculine
coucou, masculine
coup, masculine
coupeur, masculine
couple, feminine
courage, masculine
courant, masculine
agréé, masculine
agrégat, masculine
agrégé, masculine
agrément, masculine
agrès, masculine
agresseur, masculine
agrocarburant, masculine
agrotourisme, masculine
agrume, masculine
aguet, masculine
ahan, masculine
ahasvérus, masculine
ahurissement, masculine
aï, masculine
aiglefin, masculine
aiglon, masculine
aigrefin, masculine
aigrissement, masculine
aiguillage, masculine
aiguillier, masculine
aiguillon, masculine
aiguillot, masculine
aiguisage, masculine
aiguiseur, masculine
aiguisoir, masculine
aïkido, masculine
aileron, masculine
ailier, masculine
aimant, masculine
aîné, masculine
air, masculine
airain, masculine
ais, masculine
aisseau, masculine
ajonc, masculine
ajour, masculine
allergie, feminine
alliance, feminine
allocation, feminine
allocution, feminine
allogamie, feminine
allonge, feminine
allopathie, feminine
alloplastie, feminine
allotropie, feminine
allumelle, feminine
allumette, feminine
almaty, feminine
almée, feminine
alopécie, feminine
alose, feminine
alpes, feminine
alphabétisation, feminine
alphonsine, feminine
alsace, masculine
alsacienne, feminine
altération, feminine
altérité, feminine
alternance, feminine
alternation, feminine
alternative, feminine
altitude, feminine
alunite, feminine
amalfi, feminine
amanda, feminine
amande, feminine
diarrhœe, feminine
didactique, feminine
diffamation, feminine
difficulté, feminine
diffusion, feminine
différence, feminine
dignité, feminine
dilection, feminine
diplomatique, feminine
direction, feminine
discipline, feminine
discorde, feminine
discrimination, feminine
discrétion, feminine
disette, feminine
disparate, feminine
disponibilité, feminine
disproportion, feminine
dispute, feminine
disquette, feminine
distance, feminine
distinction, feminine
distorsion, feminine
diversité, feminine
divinité, feminine
divulgation, feminine
diærese, feminine
diæte, feminine
diœcie, feminine
dogmatique, masculine
donnée, feminine
dorsale, feminine
doubte, masculine
douchette, feminine
doute, masculine
dragonne, feminine
dubitation, feminine
duplication, feminine
durée, feminine
dyspnœe, feminine
dysæsthésie, feminine
débile, masculine
débilité, feminine
décade, feminine
décadence, feminine
décence, feminine
décennie, feminine
décentralisation, feminine
déception, feminine
décimal, feminine
décision, feminine
déclaration, feminine
déclination, feminine
déconvenue, feminine
découverte, feminine
déesse, feminine
déficience, feminine
dégradation, feminine
dégueulasse, masculine
délégation, feminine
démonstration, feminine
déméter, feminine
départie, feminine
dépendance, feminine
déraison, feminine
dérive, feminine
désignation, feminine
désillusion, feminine
détention, feminine
couronnement, masculine
courriel, masculine
court, masculine
cousin, masculine
cout, masculine
couteau, masculine
coutel, masculine
couvent, masculine
couvercle, masculine
coëfficient, masculine
coït, masculine
cratère, masculine
crayon, masculine
creux, masculine
cric, masculine
crime, masculine
cristal, masculine
critère, masculine
crocodile, masculine
croisillon, masculine
croissant, masculine
croquet, masculine
crotté, masculine
créateur, masculine
crépuscule, masculine
cuir, masculine
cuivre, masculine
cul, masculine
cultivar, masculine
curage, masculine
cyan, masculine
cygne, masculine
cytochrome, masculine
câlin, masculine
câlinou, masculine
cæca, masculine
cæcum, masculine
cælibat, masculine
cæsar, masculine
cæsium, masculine
cèleri, masculine
cé, masculine
céleri, masculine
cénure, masculine
césium, masculine
cœlacanthe, masculine
cœlomate, masculine
cœlome, masculine
cœmetiere, masculine
cœnure, masculine
cœur, masculine
dai, masculine
damassé, masculine
danger, masculine
dedans, feminine
degré, masculine
deinothérium, masculine
denier, masculine
denim, masculine
densité, feminine
derrière, masculine
despotisme, masculine
dessous, masculine
deuil, masculine
deuxième, masculine
devenir, masculine
devoir, masculine
diablotin, masculine
ajournement, masculine
ajouté, masculine
ajowan, masculine
ajustage, masculine
ajustement, masculine
ajusteur, masculine
ajustoir, masculine
ajutage, masculine
ajvar, masculine
akkadien, masculine
alabastrite, masculine
aladin, masculine
alain, masculine
alambic, masculine
alanguissement, masculine
alaska, masculine
alban, masculine
albanais, masculine
albâtre, masculine
albatros, masculine
albédo, masculine
albert, masculine
albinisme, masculine
albugo, masculine
album, masculine
albumen, masculine
alcali, masculine
alcalophile, masculine
alcane, masculine
alcène, masculine
alceste, feminine
alcoolat, masculine
alcoolisme, masculine
alcoomètre, masculine
alcootest, masculine
alcyon, masculine
aldébaran, masculine
aldopentose, masculine
aléa, masculine
alentours, masculine
aléoute, masculine
alérion, masculine
alésage, masculine
alésoir, masculine
alevin, masculine
alevinage, masculine
alex, feminine
alexandre, masculine
alexandrin, masculine
alexis, masculine
alfénide, masculine
alfred, masculine
algérien, masculine
algorithme, masculine
alibi, masculine
aliboron, masculine
aliéné, masculine
amandine, feminine
amanite, feminine
amante, feminine
amarante, feminine
amaryllis, masculine
amatophobie, feminine
amatrice, feminine
amaxophobie, feminine
amazone, feminine
amazonie, feminine
amazonite, feminine
ambassadrice, feminine
ambiance, feminine
ambigüité, feminine
ambivalence, feminine
amblygonite, feminine
amblyopie, feminine
ambroisie, feminine
ambulance, feminine
âme, feminine
amélie, feminine
ameline, feminine
amélioration, feminine
aménorrhée, feminine
américaine, feminine
américanisation, feminine
américanophobie, feminine
amérindienne, feminine
amérique, feminine
amertume, feminine
améthyste, feminine
amibe, feminine
amirauté, feminine
ammonite, feminine
amnésie, feminine
amniocentèse, feminine
amniotomie, feminine
amnistie, feminine
amoraliste, masculine
amoralité, feminine
amorce, feminine
amphétamine, feminine
amphibolite, feminine
amphore, feminine
ampicilline, feminine
ampleur, feminine
amplification, feminine
amplitude, feminine
ampoule, feminine
amputation, feminine
amulette, feminine
amygdale, feminine
amygdalectomie, feminine
amylopectine, feminine
détestation, feminine
déviation, feminine
dévolution, feminine
dête, feminine
eau, masculine
eccéité, feminine
ectopie, feminine
effraie, feminine
effronterie, feminine
embuscade, feminine
empathie, feminine
emplette, feminine
enceinte, feminine
enculade, feminine
encyclopædie, feminine
encyclopédie, feminine
enfance, feminine
enfléchure, feminine
engelure, feminine
enquête, feminine
entrecôte, feminine
entreprise, feminine
entrevue, feminine
entropie, feminine
envie, feminine
escape, feminine
escarpin, masculine
espadrille, feminine
esperluette, feminine
espièglerie, feminine
esponte, feminine
espressione, feminine
espèce, feminine
espérance, feminine
esquisse, feminine
essentialité, feminine
esthésie, feminine
estrone, feminine
euphonie, feminine
exaction, feminine
excellence, masculine
exception, feminine
excitation, feminine
exclusion, feminine
exemption, feminine
exigence, feminine
existence, feminine
exoticisation, feminine
expiation, feminine
exploitation, feminine
exportation, feminine
exposition, feminine
expression, feminine
expulsion, feminine
expérience, feminine
expérimentation, feminine
exsanguination, feminine
extension, feminine
extention, feminine
extermination, feminine
exterminatrice, feminine
extinction, feminine
extraction, feminine
extrémité, feminine
exécution, feminine
exérèse, feminine
fabrication, feminine
face, feminine
facilité, feminine
faculté, feminine
facétie, feminine
faiblesse, feminine
faim, feminine
diagrède, masculine
dialecte, masculine
diamant, masculine
diaphragme, masculine
dictateur, masculine
dictionnaire, masculine
dieu, masculine
digestif, masculine
diocèse, masculine
diplodocus, masculine
diplôme, masculine
dire, masculine
dirigeant, masculine
dirlo, masculine
disciple, masculine
distribution, feminine
dit, masculine
divorce, masculine
diœcese, masculine
doctorat, masculine
dogme, masculine
doigt, masculine
doit, masculine
domaine, masculine
doré, masculine
dos, masculine
dossard, masculine
dossier, masculine
douar, masculine
doublage, masculine
doublon, masculine
drapeau, masculine
droict, masculine
droit, masculine
duvet, masculine
dysphémisme, masculine
dæmon, masculine
dé, masculine
déboire, masculine
débris, masculine
début, masculine
décadentisme, masculine
décembre, masculine
déchaînement, masculine
déchet, masculine
décollation, feminine
décès, masculine
défenseur, masculine
dégoût, masculine
dégoûtant, masculine
dégât, masculine
délai, masculine
délaouatz, masculine
déluge, masculine
dénouement, masculine
département, masculine
dépaysement, masculine
dépliant, masculine
dépotoir, masculine
dépêche, feminine
dépôt, masculine
désaccord, masculine
désappointement, masculine
désarroi, masculine
désavantage, masculine
désert, masculine
alignement, masculine
aliment, masculine
alisier, masculine
alite, masculine
alizé, feminine
alkyle, masculine
allah, masculine
allaitement, masculine
allèchement, masculine
allégement, masculine
alléluia, masculine
allemand, masculine
allergène, masculine
allié, masculine
allongement, masculine
allotissement, masculine
allumage, masculine
allumeur, masculine
allumoir, masculine
almanach, masculine
aloès, masculine
aloi, masculine
aloïs, masculine
alourdissement, masculine
aloyau, masculine
alpaca, masculine
alpaga, masculine
alpage, masculine
alpenstock, masculine
alphonse, masculine
alpinisme, masculine
alpiste, masculine
alprazolam, masculine
alsacien, masculine
alternateur, masculine
altimètre, masculine
altruisme, masculine
aluminium, masculine
aluminosilicate, masculine
alunissage, masculine
amadou, masculine
amaigrissement, masculine
amalfitain, masculine
amalgame, masculine
amand, masculine
amandier, masculine
amateur, masculine
amaury, masculine
ambassadeur, masculine
amble, masculine
ambroise, masculine
amylose, feminine
amyotrophie, feminine
anabelle, feminine
anacoluthe, feminine
anagramme, feminine
anaïs, feminine
analogie, feminine
analphabète, masculine
analyse, feminine
anamnèse, feminine
anaphore, feminine
anaphorèse, feminine
anaphylaxie, feminine
anaplasmose, feminine
anarchie, feminine
anastasie, feminine
anastrophe, feminine
anatolie, feminine
anatomie, feminine
ancienneté, feminine
ancônitaine, feminine
ancraophobie, feminine
andalouse, feminine
andalousie, feminine
andes, feminine
andorrane, feminine
andorre, feminine
andouille, feminine
andradite, feminine
andrée, feminine
andromaque, feminine
andromède, feminine
androphobie, feminine
androstérone, feminine
anecdote, feminine
anémie, feminine
anémique, masculine
anémone, feminine
ânesse, feminine
anesthésie, feminine
aneuploïdie, feminine
angèle, feminine
angeline, feminine
angélique, feminine
angine, feminine
angiogénine, feminine
angiologie, feminine
angiosténose, feminine
anglaise, feminine
angle, masculine
angleterre, feminine
angoisse, feminine
angolaise, feminine
anguilla, feminine
anhédonie, feminine
animalité, feminine
falaise, feminine
famille, feminine
fantaisie, feminine
fascination, feminine
fatigue, feminine
fausseté, feminine
façade, feminine
femme, feminine
femmelette, feminine
fenêtre, feminine
désespoir, masculine
déshabillé, masculine
désordre, masculine
désœuvrement, masculine
détestateur, masculine
amendement, masculine
américain, masculine
américanisme, masculine
américium, masculine
amérindien, masculine
amerrissage, masculine
animatrice, feminine
animosité, feminine
anita, feminine
anna, feminine
æquanimité, feminine
æquation, feminine
æquité, feminine
ære, feminine
aérification, feminine
aéro, masculine
aérobase, feminine
aérobiologie, feminine
aérodynamicienne, feminine
aéroélasticité, feminine
aéromancie, feminine
aéropalynologie, feminine
aérophyte, feminine
aérotechnique, feminine
aeschne, feminine
æschynite, feminine
æsthésie, feminine
æsthétique, feminine
æstimation, feminine
æternité, feminine
æthiologie, feminine
æthiopie, feminine
æthiopienne, feminine
aethusa, feminine
aetiologie, feminine
ætiologie, feminine
ætolie, feminine
affabulatrice, feminine
affaiteuse, feminine
affameuse, feminine
affichette, feminine
afficheuse, feminine
affileuse, feminine
affineuse, feminine
affixation, feminine
affriquée, feminine
afm, masculine
afpc, feminine
africanité, feminine
afrophobie, feminine
agalactie, feminine
agamète, feminine
agamie, feminine
éclairagiste, masculine
écologiste, masculine
écologue, masculine
économe, masculine
économiste, masculine
écosocialiste, masculine
écraniste, masculine
ectotherme, masculine
égoïste, masculine
égotiste, masculine
égyptologue, masculine
électroradiologiste, masculine
électrosensible, masculine
élève, masculine
embryologiste, masculine
emphytéote, masculine
empirique, masculine
empiriste, masculine
émule, masculine
énarque, masculine
encyclopédiste, masculine
endocrinologue, masculine
endomorphe, masculine
endossataire, masculine
énergumène, masculine
enfant, masculine
engagiste, masculine
enseigne, masculine
enthousiaste, masculine
entomologiste, masculine
environnementaliste, masculine
épéiste, masculine
épidémiologiste, masculine
épigrammatiste, masculine
épigraphiste, masculine
épistémologiste, masculine
épistémologue, masculine
équilibriste, masculine
ergonome, masculine
ergonomiste, masculine
ergothérapeute, masculine
érotomane, masculine
érotomaniaque, masculine
erpétologiste, masculine
esclavagiste, masculine
esclave, masculine
agenceuse, feminine
agenouillade, feminine
agente, feminine
ageustie, feminine
aggrégation, feminine
agiographie, feminine
agioteuse, feminine
agitateuse, feminine
agitatrice, feminine
agitprop, feminine
aglukark, masculine
aglukkaq, masculine
agly, feminine
agnotologie, feminine
agrég, feminine
agresseuse, feminine
agripaume, feminine
agrobiologie, feminine
agroforesterie, feminine
agrométéorologie, feminine
agrostide, feminine
agrotechnique, feminine
agrumiculture, feminine
agrypnie, feminine
aguardiente, feminine
agueusie, feminine
aguille, feminine
aiche, feminine
aie, feminine
aié, feminine
aiglette, feminine
ésitériophile, masculine
espada, masculine
espérantiste, masculine
espérantologue, masculine
esquire, masculine
essayiste, masculine
esthète, masculine
étalagiste, masculine
étarra, masculine
étatiste, masculine
éthéromane, masculine
ethlete, masculine
ethnobiologiste, masculine
ethnobotaniste, masculine
ethnoentomologiste, masculine
ethnographe, masculine
ethnologue, masculine
ethnomusicologue, masculine
ethnoornithologiste, masculine
ethnopsychiatre, masculine
ethnozoologiste, masculine
éthologue, masculine
étrusque, masculine
étymologiste, masculine
eugéniste, masculine
eurocommuniste, masculine
eurocrate, masculine
européiste, masculine
europhile, masculine
eurosceptique, masculine
évêque, masculine
évolutionniste, masculine
ex, masculine
exbrayat, masculine
excursionniste, masculine
exégète, masculine
exhibitionniste, masculine
existentialiste, masculine
exobiologiste, masculine
exorciste, masculine
expéditionnaire, masculine
expressionniste, masculine
externe, masculine
extra, masculine
extraterrestre, masculine
extrémiste, masculine
fabricant, masculine
fabuliste, masculine
facho, masculine
façonnier, masculine
fada, masculine
famélique, masculine
fan, masculine
fanatique, masculine
farabeuf, masculine
fareng, masculine
farreng, masculine
fasciste, masculine
fataliste, masculine
faussaire, masculine
fayettiste, masculine
fédéraliste, masculine
fédéraste, masculine
féministe, masculine
fétichiste, masculine
feudataire, masculine
feudiste, masculine
feuilletoniste, masculine
fiduciaire, masculine
figuriste, masculine
aiglonne, feminine
aigremoine, feminine
aigriette, feminine
aigriotte, feminine
aiguade, feminine
aiguilleuse, feminine
aiguiseuse, feminine
aiip, feminine
aîle, feminine
ailurophobie, feminine
aînée, feminine
aip, feminine
fildefériste, masculine
finaliste, masculine
finnophone, masculine
fiscaliste, masculine
fixiste, masculine
fleuriste, masculine
flutiste, masculine
flûtiste, masculine
folkloriste, masculine
fonctionnaire, masculine
fonctionnaliste, masculine
fondamentaliste, masculine
fontanes, masculine
ford, masculine
formaliste, masculine
fortiche, masculine
fourbe, masculine
fractionniste, masculine
franciste, masculine
francophile, masculine
francophobe, masculine
francophone, masculine
frankiste, masculine
frappadingue, masculine
freelance, masculine
fresquiste, masculine
fromagophile, masculine
frontiste, masculine
fumiste, masculine
funambule, masculine
furneaux, masculine
futuriste, masculine
futurologue, masculine
galactophage, masculine
galeriste, masculine
gambiste, masculine
gamel, masculine
gamelin, masculine
garagiste, masculine
garde, masculine
garneau, masculine
gasmule, masculine
gassendiste, masculine
gastroentérologue, masculine
gastronome, masculine
gauchiste, masculine
gaulliste, masculine
geek, masculine
gemmologiste, masculine
généalogiste, masculine
généraliste, masculine
génétiste, masculine
géochimiste, masculine
géographe, masculine
géologue, masculine
géomètre, masculine
géomorphologue, masculine
géophage, masculine
géophile, masculine
géopolitologue, masculine
georgeaux, masculine
géostratégiste, masculine
germaniste, masculine
germanophile, masculine
germanophobe, masculine
germanophone, masculine
gérontologue, masculine
gérontophile, masculine
gerussi, masculine
gestionnaire, masculine
gétule, masculine
giroulx, masculine
giroux, masculine
glaciologue, masculine
globaliste, masculine
anne, feminine
annette, feminine
annexe, feminine
annexion, feminine
annick, feminine
annie, feminine
annihilation, feminine
annonciation, feminine
annotation, feminine
anode, feminine
anomalie, feminine
anonymité, feminine
anorexie, feminine
anormalité, feminine
anosmie, feminine
anse, feminine
antenne, feminine
antépénultième, feminine
anthocyane, feminine
anthologie, feminine
anthophobie, feminine
anthracologie, feminine
anthroponymie, feminine
anthropophobe, masculine
anthropophobie, feminine
antichambre, feminine
anticipation, feminine
antienne, feminine
antiféministe, masculine
antigravité, feminine
ameublement, masculine
amharique, masculine
amiante, masculine
amidon, masculine
amincissement, masculine
amiral, masculine
amman, masculine
ammoniac, masculine
ammoniaque, masculine
amok, masculine
amoncellement, masculine
amoralisme, masculine
amortissement, masculine
amortisseur, masculine
ampère, masculine
ampèreheure, masculine
ampèremètre, masculine
amphithéâtre, masculine
amplicon, masculine
amplificateur, masculine
amsterdam, feminine
amusement, masculine
amyloplaste, masculine
anabaptiste, masculine
anabolisme, masculine
anacardier, masculine
anachronisme, masculine
anaconda, masculine
anaglyphe, masculine
analgésique, masculine
analphabétisme, masculine
ananas, masculine
anansi, masculine
anarchisme, masculine
anastase, feminine
anastrozole, masculine
détesteur, masculine
détriment, masculine
eclyptique, masculine
eczéma, masculine
effet, masculine
effort, masculine
effroi, masculine
embonpoint, masculine
emoji, masculine
emploi, masculine
emporium, masculine
empressement, masculine
enchantement, masculine
encrier, masculine
enculé, masculine
endommagement, masculine
endroict, masculine
endroit, masculine
enduit, masculine
enfantement, masculine
enfer, masculine
engrenage, masculine
enlèvement, masculine
ennoiement, masculine
ennui, masculine
ensemencement, masculine
entraineur, masculine
entrepôt, masculine
envers, masculine
environnementalisme, masculine
ergot, masculine
escamotage, masculine
esclandre, masculine
esclavage, masculine
escrivain, masculine
espacement, masculine
espionnage, masculine
espoir, masculine
esprit, masculine
essai, masculine
essieu, masculine
est, masculine
estage, masculine
ferme, feminine
fermeture, feminine
ferveur, feminine
fesse, feminine
festivité, feminine
feuille, feminine
feuillée, feminine
fidélité, feminine
fiesta, feminine
figure, feminine
fille, feminine
finance, feminine
fiole, feminine
flegmatique, masculine
fleur, feminine
flottille, feminine
flûte, feminine
foi, feminine
foire, feminine
fois, feminine
fondue, feminine
fontanelle, feminine
formosité, feminine
fornication, feminine
fortification, feminine
fortune, feminine
fougue, feminine
foule, feminine
fourchette, feminine
fourmi, feminine
fourniture, feminine
fourrure, feminine
fraction, feminine
fraise, feminine
franchise, feminine
fraternité, feminine
frayeur, feminine
friteuse, feminine
frotte, feminine
frottée, feminine
fusillade, feminine
fæces, feminine
fécondation, feminine
fée, feminine
férocité, feminine
fétichisation, feminine
fête, feminine
antillaise, feminine
antilles, feminine
antilope, feminine
antimatière, feminine
antimétabolite, masculine
antimilitariste, masculine
antinataliste, masculine
antioche, masculine
antiparticule, feminine
antipathie, feminine
antiphrase, feminine
antique, masculine
antisèche, feminine
antisémite, masculine
antiterroriste, masculine
antithéiste, masculine
antithèse, feminine
antoinette, feminine
antonine, feminine
antonomase, feminine
anuptaphobie, feminine
anurie, feminine
anversoise, feminine
aorte, feminine
apathie, feminine
apatride, masculine
aperception, feminine
aphanisis, feminine
aphasie, feminine
aphélie, masculine
aphoriste, masculine
apiculture, feminine
apiphobie, feminine
apnée, feminine
apocope, feminine
apoenzyme, feminine
apolline, feminine
apologie, feminine
apoplectique, masculine
apoplexie, feminine
aporie, feminine
apostasie, feminine
apostrophe, feminine
apothéose, feminine
apparition, feminine
appartenance, feminine
appellation, feminine
appendice, masculine
appendicite, feminine
application, feminine
appréhension, feminine
approbation, feminine
appropriation, feminine
aprèm, masculine
apriorité, feminine
aptitude, feminine
aquafaba, feminine
aquafortiste, masculine
aquarelle, feminine
anathème, feminine
anatole, masculine
anchois, masculine
ancônitain, masculine
ancrage, masculine
andain, masculine
andalou, masculine
andorran, masculine
andré, masculine
androcentrisme, masculine
androgène, masculine
âne, masculine
anémomètre, masculine
anémoscope, masculine
anépigraphe, masculine
aneth, masculine
anévrisme, masculine
angélus, masculine
anglais, masculine
anglican, masculine
anglicanisme, masculine
anglicisme, masculine
angola, masculine
angolais, masculine
animateur, masculine
animisme, masculine
anis, masculine
ankarien, masculine
annuaire, masculine
annulaire, masculine
anonymat, masculine
anorak, masculine
antagonisme, masculine
antagoniste, masculine
antan, masculine
antarctique, masculine
antéchrist, masculine
anthracène, masculine
estomac, masculine
estomach, masculine
eucaryote, masculine
euro, masculine
exalté, masculine
examen, masculine
exaussement, masculine
exemple, masculine
exploit, masculine
exploitant, masculine
explorateur, masculine
exprès, masculine
extrême, masculine
exéma, masculine
factotum, masculine
faisceau, masculine
fait, masculine
faix, masculine
fanal, masculine
fantasme, masculine
fantôme, masculine
fardeau, masculine
faucon, masculine
fauteuil, masculine
fer, masculine
fermier, masculine
feu, masculine
feutre, masculine
fidéisme, masculine
fie, masculine
fief, masculine
fiel, masculine
fil, masculine
filet, masculine
fils, masculine
fixe, masculine
flacon, masculine
flair, masculine
flamboiement, masculine
flegme, masculine
fleuve, masculine
flic, masculine
flirt, masculine
fofo, masculine
foie, masculine
foin, masculine
footing, masculine
foramen, masculine
forban, masculine
forcené, masculine
forfait, masculine
forgeron, masculine
fou, masculine
foudroiement, masculine
fourche, feminine
fournisseur, masculine
fragment, masculine
franchissement, masculine
francium, masculine
français, masculine
frein, masculine
froid, masculine
fromage, masculine
fromager, masculine
front, masculine
fœdité, feminine
gabardine, feminine
ganga, masculine
gangræne, feminine
garniture, feminine
gauche, masculine
gaytitude, feminine
gaze, feminine
geisha, feminine
gent, feminine
gentillesse, feminine
germandrée, feminine
gerçure, feminine
gestion, feminine
girafe, feminine
glande, feminine
glottalisation, feminine
glotte, feminine
gonorrhée, feminine
gonorrhœe, feminine
gonzesse, feminine
gorge, feminine
gousse, feminine
goutte, feminine
gouttelette, feminine
gouttière, feminine
grappe, feminine
gravité, feminine
gravure, feminine
grenouille, feminine
grimace, feminine
grippe, feminine
grotte, feminine
grève, feminine
guerre, feminine
guidoune, feminine
guinguette, feminine
guitare, feminine
guitariste, masculine
guithare, feminine
gynæcologie, feminine
génération, feminine
générosité, feminine
géodynamique, feminine
géographie, feminine
géologie, feminine
géométrie, feminine
géorgie, feminine
habilissime, masculine
habilité, feminine
habitante, feminine
hache, feminine
hachure, feminine
hanche, feminine
haplographie, feminine
hart, feminine
hausse, feminine
hemisphære, feminine
hernie, feminine
heure, feminine
hilarité, feminine
hirondelle, feminine
hispanophone, masculine
histoire, feminine
hiérarchie, feminine
hoirie, feminine
homéopathie, feminine
aquilée, feminine
aquitaine, feminine
arabesque, feminine
arabie, feminine
arabisation, feminine
arachide, feminine
arachnologie, feminine
aragonaise, feminine
araire, masculine
araméenne, feminine
arbalète, feminine
arcade, feminine
arcadie, feminine
arcadienne, feminine
arche, feminine
archéologiste, masculine
archéozoologie, feminine
archidiocèse, masculine
archiduchesse, feminine
archie, feminine
architectonique, feminine
architrave, feminine
archivolte, feminine
ardennes, masculine
ardeur, feminine
ardoise, feminine
arène, masculine
arête, feminine
argenterie, feminine
argumentation, feminine
aristocratie, feminine
arithmétique, feminine
arlette, feminine
armande, feminine
armature, feminine
arme, feminine
armelle, feminine
arménienne, feminine
armoire, feminine
armoise, feminine
armure, feminine
arnaque, feminine
aromathérapie, feminine
aromatisation, feminine
arquebuse, feminine
arrestation, feminine
anthracite, masculine
anthropocène, masculine
anthropomorphisme, masculine
antiaméricanisme, masculine
antibiotique, masculine
anticholinergique, masculine
anticlérical, masculine
anticléricalisme, masculine
anticoagulant, masculine
anticommunisme, masculine
anticonformisme, masculine
anticyclone, masculine
antidépresseur, masculine
antidogmatisme, masculine
antidote, masculine
antieuropéanisme, masculine
antifascisme, masculine
antiféminisme, masculine
antigène, masculine
antillais, masculine
antimilitarisme, masculine
antimoine, masculine
antimondialisme, masculine
antimusulman, masculine
antinatalisme, masculine
antioxydant, masculine
antiphonaire, masculine
antipode, masculine
antipsychotique, masculine
antipyrétique, masculine
antiracisme, masculine
antirouille, masculine
antisémitisme, masculine
antiseptique, masculine
antisionisme, masculine
antithéisme, masculine
antitrinitarisme, masculine
antivol, masculine
antoine, masculine
antonin, masculine
antonyme, masculine
antre, masculine
anus, masculine
anversois, masculine
anxiolytique, masculine
aout, masculine
apaisement, masculine
apanage, masculine
apartheid, masculine
apathéisme, masculine
apennins, masculine
frère, masculine
fuchsia, masculine
furry, masculine
fusilier, masculine
féminicide, masculine
féminisme, feminine
féodalisme, masculine
fétus, masculine
février, masculine
gabon, masculine
galet, masculine
galimatias, feminine
galoubet, masculine
galérien, masculine
gamin, masculine
gaminet, masculine
gamma, masculine
gant, masculine
garage, masculine
gardiennage, masculine
gars, masculine
garçon, masculine
gaspillage, masculine
gayo, masculine
gazon, masculine
gel, masculine
gendarme, masculine
genevre, masculine
genou, masculine
genre, masculine
gens, feminine
gentil, masculine
gentilhomme, masculine
gentilé, masculine
gentlemen, masculine
gibet, masculine
girafeau, masculine
giratoire, masculine
gisement, masculine
glaive, masculine
glossaire, masculine
gluten, masculine
gnochon, masculine
gobinisme, masculine
goddam, masculine
godemichet, masculine
godon, masculine
gonfanon, masculine
gorille, masculine
goudron, masculine
goupil, masculine
gout, masculine
gouvernement, masculine
grillon, masculine
grimoire, masculine
grisons, masculine
groupe, masculine
groupement, masculine
grumeau, masculine
græc, masculine
guidon, masculine
gynæcée, masculine
gyroscope, masculine
gâteau, masculine
général, masculine
haine, feminine
hameau, masculine
haoussa, masculine
homœopathie, feminine
homœostasie, feminine
honnêteté, feminine
honte, feminine
horizontalité, feminine
horloge, feminine
hormone, feminine
hospitalité, feminine
hostilité, feminine
huile, feminine
humanité, feminine
humidité, feminine
humiliation, feminine
humouriste, masculine
hutte, feminine
hydrographie, feminine
hydrophobie, feminine
hygiène, feminine
hyperæsthésie, feminine
hypnose, feminine
hypokhâgne, feminine
hyæne, feminine
hyène, feminine
hæmaturie, feminine
hæmoglobine, feminine
hæmorrhagie, feminine
hæresie, feminine
hæretique, masculine
héliogravure, feminine
hématie, feminine
hémoc, feminine
hémoculture, feminine
hémoglobine, feminine
hémorragie, feminine
hépatocyte, masculine
hérétique, masculine
hétérœcie, feminine
identité, feminine
idolopée, feminine
idée, feminine
idéologie, feminine
illiberté, feminine
illumination, feminine
illusion, feminine
illustration, feminine
image, feminine
imitation, feminine
immixtion, feminine
immolation, feminine
immunoglobuline, feminine
imperfection, feminine
importance, feminine
impossibilité, feminine
imprudence, feminine
impunité, feminine
impureté, feminine
incapacité, feminine
incommodité, feminine
incoërcibilité, feminine
inculpation, feminine
indication, feminine
indifférence, feminine
individualité, feminine
indomptable, masculine
industrialisation, feminine
indépendance, feminine
infante, feminine
infection, feminine
infidélité, feminine
inflammation, feminine
inflexion, feminine
influence, feminine
information, feminine
arrivée, feminine
arrogance, feminine
arsénopyrite, feminine
arsine, feminine
artère, feminine
artériosclérose, feminine
arthrite, feminine
apéritif, masculine
apéro, masculine
apesanteur, feminine
apex, masculine
harcèlement, masculine
haricot, masculine
hasard, masculine
haïti, masculine
hebdo, masculine
hebdomadaire, masculine
hennissement, masculine
infortune, feminine
infériorité, feminine
inhæsion, feminine
inimitié, feminine
acl, masculine
acméisme, masculine
acœlomate, masculine
acolytat, masculine
acolythe, masculine
acon, masculine
aconage, masculine
aconier, masculine
acoquinement, masculine
aisle, feminine
aisnée, feminine
aïssata, feminine
aïssatou, feminine
aixoise, feminine
aj, feminine
ajaccienne, feminine
ajacéenne, feminine
ajaxification, feminine
akathisie, feminine
akiko, feminine
akkadienne, feminine
akkouche, masculine
alabamienne, feminine
alabandine, feminine
açoréen, masculine
açorien, masculine
acoumètre, masculine
acouphène, masculine
acousticien, masculine
acquinite, masculine
acra, masculine
acraldéhyde, masculine
acridien, masculine
acritarche, masculine
acrolecte, masculine
acromion, masculine
acron, masculine
acrosome, masculine
acrylaldéhyde, masculine
actant, masculine
actée, masculine
actes, masculine
actinate, masculine
actiniaire, masculine
actinide, masculine
actinisme, masculine
actinomètre, masculine
actinopode, masculine
actionnalisme, masculine
actionnariat, masculine
actionneur, masculine
acton, masculine
actualisme, masculine
actuariat, masculine
actuateur, masculine
aculéate, masculine
alaïa, masculine
alaise, feminine
alaskienne, feminine
alberge, feminine
albertaine, feminine
albi, feminine
albion, feminine
albophobie, feminine
albuginée, feminine
albumose, feminine
alcais, masculine
alcalescence, feminine
alcalicité, feminine
alcalimétrie, feminine
alchémille, feminine
alcoholisation, feminine
alcoolase, feminine
alcoolature, feminine
alcoolémie, feminine
alcoolification, feminine
alcoolimétrie, feminine
alcoolométrie, feminine
alcoométrie, feminine
aldolisation, feminine
ale, masculine
alène, feminine
alénya, masculine
alès, feminine
alèse, feminine
alesi, masculine
aleurite, feminine
aleurone, feminine
alevinière, feminine
alexa, feminine
alexandrovsk, feminine
alexanian, masculine
acyle, masculine
acylglycérol, masculine
acyloïne, masculine
ada, masculine
adagio, masculine
adamien, masculine
adamisme, masculine
adanet, masculine
adapté, masculine
addict, masculine
additif, masculine
adducteur, masculine
adduit, masculine
adélard, masculine
adénocarcinome, masculine
adénogramme, masculine
adénosyl, masculine
adenot, masculine
adessif, masculine
adiabatisme, masculine
adiponitrile, masculine
adive, masculine
adjudicateur, masculine
adjutant, masculine
adjuvat, masculine
adlérisme, masculine
adminicule, masculine
admittatur, masculine
adn, masculine
adon, masculine
adonide, masculine
adopté, masculine
adoptianisme, masculine
adossement, masculine
adoucissant, masculine
alexie, feminine
alfa, masculine
alfange, feminine
algazelle, feminine
algidité, feminine
algolagnie, feminine
algologie, feminine
algométrie, feminine
algorithmique, feminine
algothérapie, feminine
alice, feminine
aliénabilité, feminine
aliénatrice, feminine
aliénée, feminine
aliénité, feminine
alisma, feminine
alisson, feminine
alizée, feminine
alkékengère, feminine
allache, feminine
allantoïde, feminine
allantoïne, feminine
allémontite, feminine
alleutière, feminine
alliaire, feminine
goinfre, masculine
gomariste, masculine
gosse, masculine
goulart, masculine
grammatiste, masculine
grammont, masculine
gramont, masculine
graphiste, masculine
graphologue, masculine
greeter, masculine
grey, masculine
grossiste, masculine
groupiste, masculine
guatémaltèque, masculine
guèbre, masculine
guedin, masculine
guerlain, masculine
guesdiste, masculine
guévariste, masculine
guillou, masculine
gymnaste, masculine
gynéco, masculine
gynécologue, masculine
gynophage, masculine
hab, masculine
hacktiviste, masculine
haenel, masculine
hagiographe, masculine
haïkiste, masculine
hajtamiri, masculine
haltérophile, masculine
hamiote, masculine
hanéfite, masculine
harmoniciste, masculine
harpiste, masculine
hautboïste, masculine
hébraïste, masculine
hédoniste, masculine
hellène, masculine
helléniste, masculine
hellénophone, masculine
helvète, masculine
hématologiste, masculine
hématologue, masculine
hémophile, masculine
adragant, masculine
adressage, masculine
adret, masculine
adrézarach, masculine
adsorbant, masculine
adsorbeur, masculine
adstrat, masculine
adulescent, masculine
adultisme, masculine
advertissement, masculine
ædifice, masculine
ædile, masculine
aegagropile, masculine
ægagropile, masculine
aegosome, masculine
ægyptien, masculine
allochorie, feminine
allocs, feminine
allocutrice, feminine
alloimmunisation, feminine
alloploidisation, feminine
allostasie, feminine
allostérie, feminine
alloxane, feminine
allumettière, feminine
allumeuse, feminine
aloétine, feminine
alogie, feminine
aloïne, feminine
hendek, masculine
hépatologue, masculine
héraldiste, masculine
herboriste, masculine
hermaphrodite, masculine
héroïnomane, masculine
hétéro, masculine
hiérogrammatiste, masculine
hindiphone, masculine
hindouiste, masculine
hippie, masculine
hippy, masculine
hipster, masculine
hispaniste, masculine
hispanophile, masculine
histochimiste, masculine
histologiste, masculine
historiographe, masculine
hittite, masculine
homicide, masculine
homo, masculine
homologue, masculine
homophobe, masculine
homsiote, masculine
humaniste, masculine
humanitaire, masculine
humanitariste, masculine
humoriste, masculine
hussite, masculine
hybride, masculine
hydrogéologue, masculine
hydrographe, masculine
hydrologiste, masculine
hydrologue, masculine
hydropathe, masculine
hydrophobe, masculine
hygiéniste, masculine
hypermétrope, masculine
hypersioniste, masculine
hypnothérapeute, masculine
hypocrite, masculine
iahvéiste, masculine
ibadite, masculine
ibère, masculine
ichtyologiste, masculine
ichtyologue, masculine
ichtyophage, masculine
icône, masculine
iconoclaste, masculine
iconographe, masculine
iconolâtre, masculine
iconologiste, masculine
iconologue, masculine
idéaliste, masculine
idéolinguiste, masculine
idéologue, masculine
idolâtre, masculine
illusionniste, masculine
ilote, masculine
imam, masculine
imbach, masculine
immanentiste, masculine
immatérialiste, masculine
immobiliste, masculine
immoraliste, masculine
immunologiste, masculine
impressionniste, masculine
incrédule, masculine
inculte, masculine
indépendantiste, masculine
indianiste, masculine
indigène, masculine
indigéniste, masculine
individualiste, masculine
infectiologue, masculine
infectologue, masculine
infirme, masculine
infographiste, masculine
ingénieriste, masculine
ingouche, masculine
inséparable, masculine
insomniaque, masculine
instit, masculine
instrumentiste, masculine
insulaire, masculine
intégraliste, masculine
intellectualiste, masculine
intello, masculine
intentionnaliste, masculine
intermédiaire, masculine
internaute, masculine
interne, masculine
interprète, masculine
intimiste, masculine
intouchable, masculine
intuitionniste, masculine
invalide, masculine
iranologue, masculine
iridologue, masculine
ironiste, masculine
irrationaliste, masculine
isapostole, masculine
islamiste, masculine
islamologue, masculine
islamophobe, masculine
israélite, masculine
italophone, masculine
ivrogne, masculine
jaciste, masculine
jacobite, masculine
jacque, masculine
janséniste, masculine
japanophone, masculine
jardiniste, masculine
jéciste, masculine
jeune, masculine
jihadiste, masculine
journaliste, masculine
journalope, masculine
judéophobe, masculine
judoka, masculine
juillettiste, masculine
junior, masculine
junkie, masculine
juriste, masculine
jute, masculine
kabbaliste, masculine
kabyle, masculine
kadhafiste, masculine
kafir, masculine
kâfir, masculine
kamikaze, masculine
kanak, masculine
karen, masculine
karstologue, masculine
kayakiste, masculine
kharidjite, masculine
kharijite, masculine
khassonké, masculine
kiné, masculine
kinésithérapeute, masculine
kinew, masculine
kirghizophone, masculine
kleptomane, masculine
kouffar, masculine
koumetz, masculine
kremlinologue, masculine
inintelligibilité, feminine
iniquité, feminine
initiation, feminine
injection, feminine
injustice, feminine
innocence, feminine
innovation, feminine
insolation, feminine
insolence, feminine
intelligence, feminine
intensité, feminine
interface, feminine
interférence, feminine
interprétation, feminine
interrogation, feminine
interruption, feminine
intersection, feminine
intervention, feminine
introduction, feminine
introspection, feminine
invasion, feminine
iourte, feminine
irrationalité, feminine
irresponsabilité, feminine
irrigation, feminine
irritation, feminine
irruption, feminine
issue, feminine
italie, feminine
itinérance, feminine
jalousie, feminine
java, masculine
jettatura, feminine
joie, feminine
jouabilité, feminine
joue, feminine
jouissance, feminine
jument, feminine
junte, feminine
jupe, feminine
juridiction, feminine
justice, feminine
ka, masculine
kermesse, feminine
laitue, feminine
lame, feminine
lamentations, feminine
hercule, masculine
hespagnol, masculine
heurtoir, masculine
hibou, masculine
hiver, masculine
hiéroglyphe, masculine
hoir, masculine
hommage, masculine
homme, masculine
hommelet, masculine
homéomorphisme, masculine
homéopathe, masculine
homœomorphisme, masculine
homœopathe, masculine
hoquet, masculine
huis, masculine
huissier, masculine
huit, masculine
huitante, masculine
humidificateur, masculine
humour, masculine
hurlement, masculine
hyponyme, masculine
héros, masculine
héroïsme, masculine
hôpital, masculine
hôte, masculine
icosaèdre, masculine
ictère, masculine
idiot, masculine
idiotisme, masculine
if, masculine
igloo, masculine
impôt, masculine
ingrédient, masculine
initié, masculine
insecte, masculine
insecticide, masculine
institut, masculine
insu, masculine
interdit, masculine
interrogatoire, masculine
aphrodisiaque, masculine
apiculteur, masculine
aplanissement, masculine
apogée, masculine
apollinaire, feminine
apollon, masculine
apologue, masculine
apostat, masculine
apôtre, masculine
appalaches, feminine
appart, masculine
appât, masculine
appauvrissement, masculine
applaudissement, masculine
applicateur, masculine
apport, masculine
apprenti, masculine
apprentissage, masculine
apprivoisement, feminine
apulien, masculine
aquamanile, masculine
aquariophile, masculine
aqueduc, masculine
aquitain, masculine
ara, masculine
arthrose, feminine
aruba, feminine
arythmie, feminine
ascendance, feminine
ascèse, feminine
asexualité, feminine
asie, feminine
asinothérapie, feminine
aspermie, feminine
asphyxie, feminine
aspirine, feminine
assemblée, feminine
assertion, feminine
assertivité, feminine
assiduité, feminine
assiettée, feminine
assise, feminine
assises, feminine
assistance, feminine
assistante, feminine
assomption, feminine
assurance, feminine
assyrie, feminine
assyrienne, feminine
assyriologie, feminine
astérie, feminine
asthénie, feminine
asthénophobie, feminine
asthénosphère, feminine
astigmate, masculine
lanche, feminine
lapidation, feminine
lapine, feminine
larme, feminine
latinisation, feminine
laxation, feminine
lesbienne, feminine
lettre, feminine
levure, feminine
leçon, feminine
libertine, feminine
liberté, feminine
libraire, masculine
librairie, feminine
libération, feminine
lie, feminine
lien, masculine
ligne, feminine
lime, feminine
limite, feminine
linguiste, masculine
liquidation, feminine
lire, feminine
lithogenésie, feminine
livre, masculine
localité, feminine
locuste, feminine
lodiciquarte, feminine
logique, feminine
loi, feminine
lombarthrose, feminine
lombes, masculine
lotion, feminine
louange, feminine
luette, feminine
luminescence, feminine
luminosité, feminine
lune, feminine
lusophone, masculine
lutte, feminine
luxure, feminine
lycanthrope, masculine
læsion, feminine
lèvre, feminine
légation, feminine
légende, feminine
légion, feminine
législation, feminine
légitimité, feminine
lésion, feminine
machination, feminine
machine, feminine
machiniste, masculine
madame, feminine
mademoiselle, feminine
main, masculine
mainmise, feminine
maire, masculine
mairesse, feminine
maison, masculine
maitresse, feminine
maladie, feminine
malaria, feminine
malléabilité, feminine
malédiction, feminine
maman, feminine
mamelle, feminine
mande, feminine
manoeuvre, masculine
manufacture, feminine
manutention, feminine
manœuvrabilité, feminine
interréseau, masculine
intervalle, masculine
intestin, masculine
inventaire, masculine
inventeur, masculine
investigateur, masculine
iode, masculine
iran, masculine
iris, feminine
item, masculine
ivoire, masculine
jaguar, feminine
jambon, masculine
janvier, masculine
japonais, masculine
jardin, masculine
jargon, masculine
jaune, masculine
jazz, masculine
jean, masculine
jeu, masculine
jeux, masculine
jeûne, masculine
jo, feminine
jonas, masculine
joug, masculine
jour, masculine
journal, masculine
journalisme, masculine
judaïsme, masculine
juge, feminine
jugement, masculine
juif, masculine
juillet, masculine
juin, masculine
jura, masculine
jus, masculine
kaiser, masculine
kale, masculine
kamichi, masculine
kangourou, masculine
kaza, masculine
kermès, masculine
kyste, masculine
képi, masculine
la, masculine
label, masculine
laboratoire, masculine
lac, masculine
lait, masculine
lamé, masculine
langage, masculine
languedoc, masculine
lanthane, masculine
lapin, masculine
laquais, masculine
lardon, masculine
larron, masculine
latin, masculine
laçage, masculine
lest, masculine
leucocyte, masculine
lever, masculine
levier, masculine
libertin, masculine
lieu, masculine
lieutenant, masculine
ligneux, masculine
arabica, masculine
arabisme, masculine
arachnide, masculine
arack, masculine
aragonais, masculine
araméen, masculine
arbalétrier, masculine
arbitrage, masculine
arborétum, masculine
arbousier, masculine
arbovirus, masculine
arc, feminine
arcadien, masculine
arcadius, masculine
archange, masculine
archer, masculine
archet, masculine
archétype, masculine
archevêque, masculine
archidiacre, masculine
archiduc, masculine
archiépiscopat, masculine
archimandrite, masculine
archimède, masculine
archipel, masculine
arctique, masculine
are, masculine
arétin, masculine
arganier, masculine
argentin, masculine
argon, masculine
argument, masculine
aripiprazole, masculine
aristote, masculine
aristotélicien, masculine
aristotélisme, masculine
armageddon, masculine
armagnac, masculine
armand, masculine
armateur, masculine
armel, masculine
armement, masculine
arménien, masculine
armurier, masculine
arnaud, masculine
arnold, masculine
arôme, masculine
aroumain, masculine
arpège, masculine
astraphobie, feminine
astrid, feminine
astrochimie, feminine
astrologie, feminine
astronautique, feminine
astrophotographie, feminine
astrophysique, feminine
asturienne, feminine
asturies, feminine
asymptote, feminine
asyndète, feminine
atacamite, feminine
ataraxie, feminine
ataxie, feminine
atélophobie, feminine
athénienne, feminine
athérosclérose, feminine
atmosphère, feminine
atomoxétine, feminine
atonalité, feminine
atrazine, feminine
atrocité, feminine
atrophie, feminine
atropine, feminine
attache, feminine
attaque, feminine
atteinte, feminine
attente, feminine
attestation, feminine
attique, masculine
attirance, feminine
attraction, feminine
aube, feminine
aubépine, feminine
auberge, feminine
aubergine, feminine
audience, feminine
audiologie, feminine
audiométrie, feminine
audrey, feminine
auge, feminine
augite, feminine
augmentation, feminine
augustina, feminine
augustine, feminine
aulophobie, feminine
aumône, feminine
aune, masculine
aurélia, feminine
aurélie, feminine
auréole, feminine
auriane, feminine
aurone, feminine
austénite, masculine
austérité, feminine
australie, feminine
australienne, feminine
autarcie, feminine
autécologie, feminine
manœuvre, masculine
marchandise, feminine
marcotte, feminine
mare, feminine
mariée, feminine
massause, feminine
masturbation, feminine
maternité, feminine
math, feminine
mathématique, feminine
maximisation, feminine
mayonnaise, feminine
maîtresse, feminine
menotte, feminine
menottes, feminine
menstruation, feminine
mention, feminine
mer, feminine
merci, masculine
merdasse, feminine
merde, feminine
merveille, feminine
mesdames, feminine
mesure, feminine
meute, feminine
mieux, masculine
militaire, masculine
mine, feminine
miniature, feminine
minute, feminine
missionnaire, masculine
miséricorde, feminine
mitose, feminine
mitrailleuse, feminine
mitre, feminine
mobilité, feminine
modalité, feminine
modestie, feminine
modération, feminine
moisson, feminine
monarchie, feminine
montagne, feminine
montjoie, masculine
monœcie, feminine
more, masculine
morsure, feminine
mort, masculine
mosquée, feminine
mouche, feminine
mousse, masculine
mousseline, feminine
moustache, feminine
moutarde, feminine
multitude, feminine
musicalité, feminine
musicologie, feminine
musique, feminine
mutante, feminine
myoclonie, feminine
myosotis, masculine
mâchoire, feminine
mænade, feminine
mécanique, feminine
médaille, feminine
méditation, feminine
mélancholie, feminine
mélancolie, feminine
mélancolique, masculine
mélodie, feminine
méléagrine, feminine
mémoire, masculine
lin, masculine
linceul, masculine
linge, masculine
lion, masculine
lionceau, masculine
liqueur, feminine
liseron, masculine
lit, masculine
litre, masculine
livret, masculine
logarithme, masculine
logiciel, masculine
loquet, masculine
losange, masculine
lot, masculine
lote, feminine
loup, masculine
louvar, masculine
louveteau, masculine
lumen, masculine
lumpenproletariat, masculine
lycée, masculine
lymphœdème, masculine
lys, masculine
lé, masculine
légat, masculine
légume, masculine
léninisme, masculine
lépreux, masculine
madrier, masculine
magicien, masculine
magistrat, masculine
magnicide, masculine
mai, masculine
maillot, masculine
major, feminine
mal, masculine
malaise, feminine
malathion, masculine
malchanceux, masculine
mamelon, masculine
mammifère, masculine
manchot, masculine
manger, masculine
manitou, masculine
manouvrier, masculine
manque, feminine
manège, masculine
marais, masculine
marchand, masculine
marché, masculine
mari, feminine
marié, masculine
marmiton, masculine
mars, masculine
marteau, masculine
marxisme, masculine
mas, masculine
masque, masculine
massage, masculine
matamore, feminine
maudit, masculine
arpenteur, masculine
arrangement, masculine
arrangeur, masculine
arras, masculine
arrêt, masculine
arrivage, masculine
arrivant, masculine
arrogant, masculine
arrondissement, masculine
arrosage, masculine
arrosoir, masculine
arsenal, masculine
arsène, masculine
arsenic, masculine
art, masculine
artchi, masculine
artéfact, masculine
arthropode, masculine
arthur, masculine
artifice, masculine
artilleur, masculine
artisanat, masculine
asbeste, masculine
ascendant, masculine
ascétisme, masculine
asile, masculine
aspartame, masculine
aspect, masculine
asphalte, masculine
asphodèle, masculine
aspirateur, masculine
assainissement, masculine
assamais, masculine
assassin, masculine
assassinat, masculine
assemblage, masculine
assentiment, masculine
assistant, masculine
associé, masculine
assortiment, masculine
assureur, masculine
assyrien, masculine
astate, masculine
aster, masculine
astérisme, masculine
astérisque, masculine
astéroïde, masculine
asthme, masculine
auteure, feminine
authentification, feminine
auto, feminine
autocéphalie, feminine
autochromie, feminine
autocratie, feminine
autocritique, feminine
autodéfense, feminine
autofécondation, feminine
autogamie, feminine
autogenèse, feminine
autohypnose, feminine
automate, masculine
automobile, feminine
automysophobie, feminine
autonomie, feminine
autophagie, feminine
autophobie, feminine
autopsie, feminine
autorisation, feminine
autoroute, feminine
autosuggestion, feminine
autotomie, feminine
autotrophie, feminine
autriche, feminine
autrichienne, feminine
autruche, feminine
autunite, feminine
auvergnate, feminine
avalanche, feminine
avance, feminine
avancée, feminine
avanie, feminine
avarice, feminine
avarie, feminine
aveline, feminine
aventurier, masculine
aventurine, feminine
avenue, feminine
averse, feminine
aversion, feminine
aveuglette, feminine
aviation, feminine
aviatrice, feminine
aviculture, feminine
avidité, feminine
avifaune, feminine
avignon, masculine
avignonnaise, feminine
aviophobie, feminine
avitaminose, feminine
ménade, feminine
ménagère, feminine
mésaventure, feminine
métropole, feminine
métèque, masculine
mœurs, feminine
mausolée, masculine
maître, feminine
maïs, masculine
mec, masculine
meeting, masculine
meilleur, masculine
melon, masculine
astigmatisme, masculine
astre, masculine
astrocyte, masculine
astrolabe, masculine
axelle, feminine
axinite, feminine
azathioprine, feminine
azérie, feminine
alouane, masculine
alpague, masculine
alpicoise, feminine
alpicultrice, feminine
alpiculture, feminine
altérabilité, feminine
altercation, feminine
altermondialisation, feminine
æmile, masculine
æmulateur, masculine
æon, masculine
æquateur, masculine
æquilibre, masculine
æquinoxe, masculine
aérium, masculine
aéroclasseur, masculine
aérodynamicien, masculine
aérodynamisme, masculine
aérogel, masculine
aérogramme, masculine
aérolite, masculine
altimétrie, feminine
altise, feminine
altisurface, feminine
alucite, feminine
aluette, feminine
alula, feminine
alumine, feminine
aluminerie, feminine
aluminothermie, feminine
alunation, feminine
alvéolectomie, feminine
alvéolisation, feminine
alvéolite, feminine
alysse, feminine
alysson, masculine
alyte, feminine
ama, feminine
amalgamation, feminine
amandaie, feminine
amaphrose, feminine
amarantacée, feminine
amaranthe, feminine
amareyeuse, feminine
amari, masculine
amarre, feminine
amaryllidacée, feminine
amassette, feminine
amaurose, feminine
amazighité, feminine
amazonification, feminine
ambianceuse, feminine
ambidextrie, feminine
ambiophonie, feminine
ambrette, feminine
ambulancière, feminine
amc, feminine
aéromancien, masculine
aéromodélisme, masculine
aéronien, masculine
aérophane, masculine
aérophile, masculine
aérophore, masculine
aéroréfrigérant, masculine
aéroscope, masculine
aérostathonion, masculine
aérostatier, masculine
aérostier, masculine
aérotrain, masculine
æsope, masculine
æsthésiomètre, masculine
æther, masculine
æthiopien, masculine
aeumc, masculine
aéumc, masculine
affacturage, masculine
affadissement, masculine
affairisme, masculine
affaitage, masculine
affaitement, masculine
affaiteur, masculine
affalement, masculine
affamement, masculine
affameur, masculine
affaneur, masculine
affect, masculine
affectataire, masculine
affenage, masculine
affenpinscher, masculine
affidavit, masculine
affinement, masculine
affineur, masculine
afflouage, masculine
affouche, masculine
affouragement, masculine
kurde, masculine
kurdophone, masculine
lâche, masculine
ladre, masculine
lagace, masculine
lagacé, masculine
laideron, masculine
laïque, masculine
lakiste, masculine
laliberté, masculine
lalloum, masculine
laloum, masculine
lamaïste, masculine
lambertiste, masculine
landru, masculine
lapicide, masculine
lapidaire, masculine
lardeux, masculine
larocque, masculine
laryngologiste, masculine
laryngologue, masculine
latiniste, masculine
lattaquiote, masculine
lazariste, masculine
ledoux, masculine
ledru, masculine
ledrue, masculine
légiste, masculine
légitime, masculine
légitimiste, masculine
légumiste, masculine
lendore, masculine
lepéniste, masculine
léprologiste, masculine
léprologue, masculine
leptoprosope, masculine
lettophone, masculine
levasseur, masculine
lexicographe, masculine
lexicologue, masculine
lexicomane, masculine
liabeuf, masculine
libelliste, masculine
liberticide, masculine
librophage, masculine
amélanche, feminine
amélioratrice, feminine
aménageuse, feminine
américanité, feminine
amériques, feminine
amétrine, feminine
amétropie, feminine
amibiase, feminine
amidonnerie, feminine
amidopyrine, feminine
amiénoise, feminine
amiette, feminine
amine, masculine
aminoside, feminine
amirale, feminine
amiraulté, feminine
aml, feminine
amm, feminine
ammodyte, feminine
ammoniogenèse, feminine
ammonisation, feminine
ammophile, feminine
amnioscopie, feminine
amodiation, feminine
amollissement, feminine
amortie, feminine
amourette, feminine
amoureuse, feminine
amouroux, masculine
amours, feminine
amovibilité, feminine
amoxicilline, feminine
ampélidacée, feminine
ampélographie, feminine
affrèrement, masculine
affublement, masculine
aficionado, masculine
africanisme, masculine
afrocentrisme, masculine
aga, masculine
agamemnon, masculine
agami, masculine
agar, masculine
agavé, masculine
age, masculine
agenceur, masculine
agérate, masculine
ageratum, masculine
agésilas, masculine
aggée, masculine
agglo, masculine
agha, masculine
agissement, masculine
agitato, masculine
librophile, masculine
librovore, masculine
lichenologue, masculine
ligure, masculine
limnologiste, masculine
linotypiste, masculine
liquoriste, masculine
lisboète, masculine
litho, masculine
lithophage, masculine
livrophage, masculine
livrophile, masculine
livrovore, masculine
llorach, masculine
lobbyiste, masculine
locataire, masculine
lockiste, masculine
longaretti, masculine
louvaniste, masculine
loyaliste, masculine
luministe, masculine
lunatique, masculine
luthiste, masculine
lyrique, masculine
lyssenkiste, masculine
maccabée, masculine
machiste, masculine
macroniste, masculine
madianite, masculine
madrigaliste, masculine
madrilène, masculine
mahdiste, masculine
malacophage, masculine
malade, masculine
malayophone, masculine
malgache, masculine
mallophage, masculine
mandoliniste, masculine
mangaka, masculine
maniaque, masculine
manichéiste, masculine
manouche, masculine
maoïste, masculine
maquettiste, masculine
marathiphone, masculine
marianiste, masculine
mariole, masculine
marionnettiste, masculine
mariste, masculine
maronite, masculine
marrane, masculine
marsan, masculine
marxiste, masculine
marxologue, masculine
masculiniste, masculine
maso, masculine
masochiste, masculine
matérialiste, masculine
matricide, masculine
maure, masculine
maximaliste, masculine
maya, masculine
meauxsoone, masculine
mécanothérapiste, masculine
mécène, masculine
médailliste, masculine
amphiarthrose, feminine
amphibole, feminine
amphibologie, feminine
amphictyonie, feminine
amphimixie, feminine
amphipolis, feminine
ampliation, feminine
amt, feminine
amure, feminine
amusette, feminine
amuseuse, feminine
amusie, feminine
amygdalite, feminine
amylase, feminine
anabase, feminine
anaclastique, feminine
aglacissage, masculine
aglycone, masculine
aglyphe, masculine
agnathe, masculine
agnelage, masculine
agniers, masculine
agoniste, masculine
agoranome, masculine
agout, masculine
agouti, masculine
agrainage, masculine
agrarisme, masculine
agrégant, masculine
agrégateur, masculine
médiéviste, masculine
mégalo, masculine
mégalomane, masculine
méhariste, masculine
mélodiste, masculine
mélomane, masculine
mémorialiste, masculine
mérinide, masculine
mésomorphe, masculine
mesrine, masculine
messaliste, masculine
messianiste, masculine
météorologiste, masculine
météorologue, masculine
metge, masculine
méthodiste, masculine
métrologiste, masculine
métrologue, masculine
microbiologiste, masculine
militariste, masculine
milliardaire, masculine
millionnaire, masculine
milosavljevic, masculine
mimographe, masculine
minéralogiste, masculine
miniaturiste, masculine
minimaliste, masculine
ministre, masculine
minitéliste, masculine
mioche, masculine
misandre, masculine
misanthrope, masculine
misérabiliste, masculine
misérable, masculine
miskine, masculine
misogyne, masculine
misonéiste, masculine
modéliste, masculine
modérantiste, masculine
moderniste, masculine
modiste, masculine
moldave, masculine
moliniste, masculine
môme, masculine
monarchiste, masculine
moncoq, masculine
monégasque, masculine
monétariste, masculine
moniste, masculine
monocycliste, masculine
monogame, masculine
monogéniste, masculine
monogrammiste, masculine
monomane, masculine
monomaniaque, masculine
monomaque, masculine
monométalliste, masculine
monopoliste, masculine
monothéiste, masculine
monothélite, masculine
monsanglant, masculine
montaniste, masculine
moraliste, masculine
morave, masculine
morisque, masculine
morphinomane, masculine
morphologue, masculine
mosaïste, masculine
moscovite, masculine
motocycliste, masculine
motonautiste, masculine
motoneigiste, masculine
azurite, feminine
babouche, feminine
babylone, feminine
babylonie, feminine
bacchante, feminine
bâche, feminine
bachelière, feminine
bacillophobie, feminine
bactérie, feminine
bactériémie, feminine
bactériologie, feminine
bactériorhodopsine, feminine
bactériurie, feminine
badge, masculine
badiane, feminine
bagatelle, feminine
bagnole, feminine
bague, feminine
bahamas, feminine
bahreïnienne, feminine
baie, feminine
baignade, feminine
baignoire, feminine
baïonnette, feminine
baisse, feminine
bakélite, feminine
balade, feminine
balafre, feminine
balalaïka, feminine
balance, feminine
balançoire, feminine
balayette, feminine
balayeuse, feminine
balbine, feminine
baléares, feminine
baleine, feminine
bali, feminine
asturien, masculine
atelier, masculine
athanase, masculine
athéisme, masculine
athénien, masculine
athlétisme, masculine
atlante, masculine
atlantique, masculine
atlas, masculine
atome, masculine
atonalisme, masculine
atout, masculine
attaché, masculine
attaquant, masculine
attentat, masculine
atterrissage, masculine
atticisme, masculine
attrait, masculine
attribut, masculine
attroupement, masculine
aubin, masculine
audiovisuel, masculine
auditeur, masculine
auditoire, masculine
auger, masculine
augsbourg, masculine
augure, masculine
auguste, masculine
augustin, masculine
aulne, masculine
aumônier, masculine
aurélien, masculine
auriculaire, masculine
aurige, masculine
aurochs, masculine
mendiant, masculine
menhir, masculine
mensonge, masculine
mercantilisme, masculine
mercure, masculine
merisier, masculine
message, masculine
messie, masculine
messieurs, masculine
meurtre, masculine
meurtrier, masculine
miaou, masculine
miasme, masculine
miaulement, masculine
micocoulier, masculine
midi, masculine
miel, masculine
mieur, masculine
milieu, masculine
millepattes, masculine
millier, masculine
million, masculine
mimosa, masculine
mineur, masculine
minoën, masculine
minutes, masculine
minéral, masculine
miracle, masculine
mirador, masculine
miroir, masculine
miséricordieux, masculine
moi, masculine
moine, masculine
mois, masculine
mollet, masculine
mollusque, masculine
monde, masculine
monophthongue, masculine
monophtongue, feminine
monopsone, masculine
monsieur, masculine
monôme, masculine
moral, masculine
naissance, feminine
naja, masculine
narration, feminine
nasalisation, feminine
nation, feminine
nationalité, feminine
nationalpopuliste, masculine
nef, feminine
neige, feminine
neutralisation, feminine
neutralité, feminine
noble, masculine
noblesse, feminine
noce, feminine
noctambule, masculine
noisette, feminine
noix, feminine
nono, masculine
nope, feminine
note, feminine
notice, feminine
notion, feminine
notoriété, feminine
nougatine, feminine
nourriture, feminine
nouveauté, feminine
nouvelle, feminine
nova, feminine
novae, feminine
novæ, feminine
nudité, feminine
nuisance, feminine
nullité, feminine
numération, feminine
nutrition, feminine
nécessité, feminine
nécrologie, feminine
nécrophagie, feminine
nécrose, feminine
négation, feminine
négociation, feminine
némésis, feminine
occasion, feminine
occlusion, feminine
occupation, feminine
occurrence, feminine
odeur, feminine
odontalgie, feminine
balinaise, feminine
balise, feminine
baliverne, feminine
balkanisation, feminine
ballade, feminine
balle, feminine
ballerine, feminine
ballote, feminine
balnéothérapie, feminine
balte, masculine
baltique, feminine
balustrade, feminine
banalité, feminine
banane, feminine
bande, feminine
banderole, feminine
banette, feminine
bangkok, masculine
bangkokienne, feminine
bangkokoise, feminine
banjul, feminine
banlieue, feminine
bannière, feminine
banqueroute, feminine
banquette, feminine
banquise, feminine
baraque, feminine
baratte, feminine
barbacane, feminine
barbade, feminine
barbara, feminine
barbare, masculine
barbarie, feminine
barcelonaise, feminine
barcelone, feminine
bardane, feminine
barge, feminine
barista, masculine
baronne, feminine
barophobie, feminine
barque, feminine
barquette, feminine
barre, feminine
barrière, feminine
barrique, feminine
bascule, feminine
base, feminine
basicité, feminine
basilicate, feminine
basilique, feminine
basketteuse, feminine
basse, feminine
auschwitz, masculine
auspice, masculine
autel, masculine
auteur, feminine
autisme, masculine
autobiographe, masculine
autobus, masculine
autobut, masculine
autocuiseur, masculine
autodafé, masculine
autodrome, masculine
automobilisme, masculine
autoportrait, masculine
autoritarisme, masculine
autre, masculine
autrichien, masculine
auvent, masculine
auvergnat, masculine
aval, masculine
avancement, masculine
avant, masculine
avantage, masculine
avar, masculine
avatar, masculine
avent, masculine
aventin, masculine
averroïsme, masculine
avertissement, masculine
avertisseur, masculine
aveu, masculine
aveuglement, masculine
aviateur, masculine
avignonnais, masculine
avilissement, masculine
aviron, masculine
avocatier, masculine
avortement, masculine
avorton, masculine
avoué, masculine
axe, masculine
axel, masculine
axis, masculine
axone, masculine
ayant, masculine
ayatollah, masculine
aymeric, masculine
morceau, masculine
mors, masculine
mortier, masculine
mot, masculine
motif, masculine
mouchoir, masculine
mousquetaire, masculine
moustique, masculine
mouton, masculine
moyen, masculine
moût, masculine
mur, masculine
mysticisme, feminine
mythe, masculine
myxœdème, masculine
myxœdémateux, masculine
mécanisme, masculine
médecin, masculine
médisant, masculine
mélange, masculine
mélangeur, masculine
ménage, masculine
ménager, masculine
mépris, masculine
métier, masculine
métro, masculine
nabot, masculine
nageur, masculine
nahum, masculine
nandou, masculine
narcotique, masculine
narcotrafic, masculine
narcotrafiquant, masculine
navire, masculine
nawak, masculine
necton, masculine
nem, masculine
nettoyage, masculine
neuf, masculine
nichon, masculine
niveau, masculine
nom, masculine
nombre, masculine
nombril, masculine
nonante, masculine
nord, masculine
novembre, masculine
noyer, masculine
noël, masculine
nuage, feminine
nudisme, masculine
nylon, masculine
nævi, masculine
nævus, masculine
néant, masculine
nécromancien, masculine
négondo, masculine
néocolonialisme, masculine
néofascisme, masculine
néon, masculine
nœud, masculine
observatoire, masculine
odontologie, feminine
odyssée, feminine
olive, feminine
ombre, masculine
omniscience, feminine
once, feminine
onde, feminine
onomatopée, feminine
opale, feminine
ophtalmologie, feminine
ophthalmologie, feminine
opinion, feminine
opiniâtre, masculine
opportunité, feminine
opposition, feminine
opération, feminine
orange, masculine
oreille, feminine
orge, masculine
orthographe, feminine
orthographie, feminine
orthologie, feminine
orthopnée, feminine
orthopnœe, feminine
oscillation, feminine
otage, masculine
ouaille, feminine
outre, feminine
ouvrière, feminine
ouïe, feminine
pacification, feminine
paie, feminine
paix, feminine
palæographie, feminine
palæologie, feminine
pampa, feminine
pampsychiste, masculine
pandémie, feminine
para, masculine
paralipse, feminine
paralysie, feminine
paresse, feminine
parité, feminine
parodie, feminine
paroisse, feminine
parole, feminine
partialité, feminine
particularité, feminine
partie, feminine
parvité, feminine
parænese, feminine
parénèse, feminine
passion, feminine
pastèque, feminine
patience, feminine
patrie, feminine
patrouille, feminine
paulme, feminine
pauvre, masculine
pauvreté, feminine
peau, feminine
peine, feminine
peintre, masculine
pellicule, feminine
pelote, feminine
peluche, feminine
pente, feminine
perceuse, feminine
percussion, feminine
performance, feminine
perle, feminine
bassine, feminine
bassoniste, masculine
bastille, feminine
bastonnade, feminine
bâtisse, feminine
batterie, feminine
batteuse, feminine
battue, feminine
bauxite, feminine
bavarde, feminine
bave, feminine
bavette, feminine
bavière, feminine
bazarette, feminine
béatification, feminine
béatitude, feminine
béatrice, feminine
bécane, feminine
bécasse, feminine
bedaine, feminine
beigne, masculine
belgique, feminine
belgrade, feminine
belgradoise, feminine
belladone, feminine
belle, feminine
bénédicte, feminine
benzine, feminine
benzocaïne, feminine
benzylpipérazine, feminine
béquille, feminine
bérangère, feminine
berbéris, masculine
berceuse, feminine
bérengère, feminine
bérénice, feminine
bergamasque, masculine
bergamote, feminine
berge, feminine
bergère, feminine
bergerie, feminine
bergeronnette, feminine
berlinoise, feminine
bermudes, feminine
bermudienne, feminine
bernacle, feminine
bernadette, feminine
bernoise, feminine
berthe, feminine
besace, feminine
besogne, feminine
bestiole, feminine
azerbaïdjan, masculine
azerbaïdjanais, masculine
azéri, masculine
baba, masculine
babisme, masculine
babouin, masculine
bachân, masculine
bachar, masculine
bachelier, masculine
bachkir, masculine
bachkortostan, masculine
bachot, masculine
bacille, masculine
backpacker, masculine
bactéricide, masculine
bactériophage, masculine
badakhchan, masculine
badaud, masculine
badinage, masculine
badminton, masculine
bafouillage, masculine
bagagiste, masculine
bagarreur, masculine
baglama, masculine
bagou, masculine
bahaïsme, masculine
bahreïn, masculine
bahreïnien, masculine
baht, masculine
bahut, masculine
bai, masculine
baigneur, masculine
baïkal, masculine
bail, masculine
bâillement, masculine
bâillon, masculine
bain, masculine
baisemain, masculine
baissier, masculine
bakchich, masculine
bal, masculine
balancement, masculine
balancier, masculine
balaton, masculine
balayage, masculine
balayeur, masculine
balbusard, masculine
balbuzard, masculine
balcon, masculine
baldaquin, masculine
oc, masculine
occiput, masculine
octante, masculine
octobre, masculine
océan, masculine
odorat, masculine
officiel, masculine
ognon, masculine
oignon, masculine
omicron, masculine
omnibus, masculine
oncle, masculine
ongle, masculine
onguent, masculine
opium, masculine
or, masculine
oracle, masculine
orage, masculine
ordi, masculine
ordinaire, masculine
ordinateur, masculine
oreiller, masculine
orgasme, masculine
ormeau, masculine
orthographiste, masculine
os, masculine
oui, masculine
ouragan, masculine
ours, masculine
ourson, masculine
outil, masculine
ouvrage, masculine
ouvrier, masculine
ove, masculine
oxygène, masculine
oxymore, masculine
pacha, masculine
pacifique, masculine
pacifisme, masculine
padrão, masculine
paganisme, masculine
pain, masculine
palais, masculine
paludisme, masculine
paléographe, feminine
pampsychisme, masculine
pan, masculine
pandéisme, masculine
panier, masculine
papa, masculine
papillon, masculine
paprika, masculine
paquet, masculine
par, masculine
paraitre, masculine
parallélépipède, masculine
parasite, masculine
paratonnerre, masculine
parchemin, masculine
pardon, masculine
parent, masculine
parfum, masculine
particulier, masculine
pas, masculine
perplexité, feminine
perpétuité, feminine
personnalité, feminine
persécution, feminine
persévérance, feminine
perte, feminine
perversité, feminine
petite, feminine
peur, feminine
phantaisie, feminine
pharmaceutique, feminine
pharmacie, feminine
pharmacophobie, feminine
philogynie, feminine
philosophie, feminine
phlegmatique, masculine
photochimie, feminine
photographie, feminine
phrase, feminine
phrénologie, feminine
physicochimie, feminine
physiognomonie, feminine
physique, masculine
phytochimie, feminine
pierre, masculine
pilule, feminine
pinte, feminine
pipo, masculine
pique, masculine
pirogue, feminine
pizza, feminine
piété, feminine
place, feminine
plage, feminine
plaine, feminine
planche, feminine
planchette, feminine
plongée, feminine
pluie, feminine
plupart, feminine
pluralité, feminine
plèvre, feminine
poche, feminine
poignée, feminine
poire, feminine
polaire, feminine
polarisation, feminine
poltronnerie, feminine
polyester, masculine
pomme, feminine
ponctualité, feminine
popularité, feminine
population, feminine
porphyrie, feminine
porte, feminine
position, feminine
possession, feminine
possibilité, feminine
posterne, feminine
postérité, feminine
pote, masculine
poterie, feminine
potomanie, feminine
poudre, feminine
poule, feminine
poupe, feminine
pragmatique, feminine
presqu'île, feminine
presqu’ile, feminine
presse, feminine
preuve, feminine
bétaïne, feminine
bétalaïne, feminine
bethléem, feminine
bétonneuse, feminine
bétonnière, feminine
betterave, feminine
baleineau, masculine
baleinier, masculine
balenas, masculine
balinais, masculine
balisage, masculine
balkans, masculine
passeport, masculine
passeur, masculine
passé, masculine
patient, masculine
principauté, feminine
pris, feminine
prise, feminine
prison, feminine
agribashing, masculine
agrile, masculine
agrion, masculine
agriote, masculine
agritourisme, masculine
agroécosystème, masculine
agroforestier, masculine
agrosystème, masculine
aguerrissement, masculine
agui, masculine
agutaynen, masculine
ahanement, masculine
anacrouse, feminine
anacruse, feminine
anadiplose, feminine
anæsthésique, feminine
anagogie, feminine
analgésie, feminine
analgie, feminine
analité, feminine
analycité, feminine
analyticité, feminine
anamorphose, feminine
anaphrodisie, feminine
anaplastie, feminine
aïd, masculine
aidant, masculine
aiglet, masculine
aigrin, masculine
aiguail, masculine
aiguillat, masculine
aiguilletage, masculine
aiguilleur, masculine
aiguillonnement, masculine
aiguisement, masculine
ailante, masculine
ailloli, masculine
aimantin, masculine
aimé, masculine
aïnou, masculine
aïnu, masculine
aïoli, masculine
airard, masculine
airbag, masculine
airedale, masculine
airgasme, masculine
aisne, masculine
aisné, masculine
aisy, masculine
aitre, masculine
aître, masculine
aixois, masculine
anaplérose, feminine
anaptyxe, feminine
anarthrie, feminine
anasarque, feminine
anasémie, feminine
anastomose, feminine
anastylose, feminine
anatase, feminine
anathématisation, feminine
anatife, feminine
anatomopathologie, feminine
anatoxine, feminine
ancelle, feminine
anchoïade, feminine
anchuse, feminine
ancience, feminine
ancille, feminine
ancolie, feminine
ancyre, feminine
andahuaylas, feminine
andalousite, feminine
andésite, feminine
andie, masculine
andouillette, feminine
andragogie, feminine
andréan, masculine
andréane, feminine
andréanne, feminine
andreassian, masculine
andréassian, masculine
andrène, masculine
andrin, masculine
andrinople, feminine
androdiécie, feminine
androgenèse, feminine
androgénie, feminine
androgynéité, feminine
androgynie, feminine
andrologie, feminine
multiculturaliste, masculine
multimilliardaire, masculine
multimillionnaire, masculine
multirécidiviste, masculine
murzeau, masculine
musicographe, masculine
musicologue, masculine
musicothérapeute, masculine
mutualiste, masculine
mycologue, masculine
myographe, masculine
myope, masculine
myroblyte, masculine
mystagogue, masculine
mythographe, masculine
mythologue, masculine
mythomane, masculine
mythomaniaque, masculine
nagô, masculine
nagot, masculine
nanomaniaque, masculine
narcomane, masculine
nassériste, masculine
nataliste, masculine
nativiste, masculine
naturaliste, masculine
naturiste, masculine
naturopathe, masculine
naxaliste, masculine
naxalite, masculine
nazbol, masculine
nécrologue, masculine
nécrophile, masculine
négationniste, masculine
nègre, masculine
négro, masculine
néocapitaliste, masculine
néocommuniste, masculine
néophyte, masculine
néopositiviste, masculine
néoréaliste, masculine
néphrologue, masculine
neurobiologiste, masculine
neurologiste, masculine
ajaccien, masculine
ajaccio, masculine
ajacéen, masculine
ajoutage, masculine
ajoutoir, masculine
ajutoir, masculine
akawaïo, masculine
akène, masculine
akénocarpe, masculine
akka, masculine
akram, masculine
akrem, masculine
akvavit, masculine
alabama, masculine
alabamien, masculine
alader, masculine
alandier, masculine
alarmisme, masculine
alaskien, masculine
alastrim, masculine
alaterne, masculine
alaverd, masculine
albanien, masculine
albertain, masculine
albien, masculine
albuminoïde, masculine
alcade, masculine
alcalimètre, masculine
alcalose, masculine
alcazar, masculine
andropause, feminine
androuet, masculine
andryale, feminine
anecdotière, feminine
anémochorie, feminine
anémogamie, feminine
anémogramme, feminine
anémométrie, feminine
anémonine, feminine
ânerie, feminine
anesthésiologie, feminine
anfractuosité, feminine
angarie, feminine
angéite, feminine
angelier, masculine
angélina, feminine
angéline, feminine
angélologie, feminine
angiectasie, feminine
angiite, feminine
angiocardiographie, feminine
angiocholite, feminine
angiographie, feminine
angiosperme, feminine
anglade, masculine
anglésite, feminine
anglicane, feminine
angloise, feminine
anglomanie, feminine
anglophilie, feminine
anglophobie, feminine
anglophonie, feminine
neurologue, masculine
neuropsychiatre, masculine
neuropsychologue, masculine
neuropsychopharmacologue, masculine
neuroscientifique, masculine
neurotypique, masculine
neutraliste, masculine
niak, masculine
niakoué, masculine
nicolaïte, masculine
nihiliste, masculine
nivologue, masculine
nomade, masculine
nominaliste, masculine
nonagénaire, masculine
normopathe, masculine
nosologiste, masculine
nostalgique, masculine
noutary, masculine
nouvelliste, masculine
nouyrigat, masculine
novice, masculine
nudiste, masculine
numismate, masculine
nunavummiuq, masculine
nutritionniste, masculine
nyctalope, masculine
obèse, masculine
obligataire, masculine
obscurantiste, masculine
obstructionniste, masculine
occidentaliste, masculine
occitanophone, masculine
occultiste, masculine
océanaute, masculine
océaniste, masculine
océanographe, masculine
océanologue, masculine
octogénaire, masculine
octopode, masculine
oculiste, masculine
odontologiste, masculine
œcologiste, masculine
œconomiste, masculine
œcoumène, masculine
oecuméniste, masculine
œkoumène, masculine
oenologue, masculine
œnologue, masculine
œnophile, masculine
œnophobe, masculine
offsettiste, masculine
oge, masculine
ollé, masculine
ollié, masculine
ollier, masculine
ombratieu, masculine
ombudsman, masculine
onaniste, masculine
ondiniste, masculine
onirologue, masculine
oopa, masculine
opéraïste, masculine
ophiologue, masculine
ophtalmo, masculine
ophtalmologiste, masculine
ophtalmologue, masculine
ophthalmologue, masculine
opiomane, masculine
alcénone, masculine
alcibiade, masculine
alcohol, masculine
alcoolate, masculine
alcoolé, masculine
alcoran, masculine
alcotest, masculine
alcoyle, masculine
alcyne, masculine
alcynol, masculine
alderman, masculine
aldol, masculine
aldostérone, masculine
alé, masculine
alena, masculine
aléna, masculine
alenya, masculine
angora, masculine
angoulême, feminine
anguillanne, feminine
anguillère, feminine
anguillule, feminine
angusture, feminine
anhélation, feminine
anhidrose, feminine
anhydrite, feminine
anhydrobiose, feminine
anicroche, feminine
anidrose, feminine
ânière, feminine
aniline, feminine
anille, feminine
animadversion, feminine
animalerie, feminine
anisette, feminine
anisogamie, feminine
optimiste, masculine
orangiste, masculine
orensanz, masculine
orfèvre, masculine
organ, masculine
organiste, masculine
orientaliste, masculine
orignac, masculine
orléaniste, masculine
ornemaniste, masculine
ornithologiste, masculine
ornithologue, masculine
orognen, masculine
orphéoniste, masculine
orphiste, masculine
orque, masculine
ortet, masculine
orthodontiste, masculine
orthodoxe, masculine
ortholan, masculine
orthopédiste, masculine
orthophoniste, masculine
orthoptiste, masculine
osmin, masculine
osque, masculine
ossau, masculine
ossète, masculine
ossun, masculine
oste, masculine
ostéopathe, masculine
otorhinolaryngologiste, masculine
ouilhon, masculine
ouillon, masculine
oule, masculine
oulé, masculine
oulié, masculine
ourdophone, masculine
ourdouphone, masculine
ourthe, masculine
ousset, masculine
oustalé, masculine
oustalet, masculine
oustaloup, masculine
oustau, masculine
ousteau, masculine
ouvriériste, masculine
ouzbek, masculine
oviste, masculine
ovniologue, masculine
owéniste, masculine
ozanne, masculine
ozenne, masculine
pabliste, masculine
pabon, masculine
pacifiste, masculine
paedagogue, masculine
pædagogue, masculine
paléoanthropologue, masculine
paléontologiste, masculine
paléontologue, masculine
pamphlétaire, masculine
panenthéiste, masculine
pantagruéliste, masculine
panthéiste, masculine
papiste, masculine
papivore, masculine
papyrologue, masculine
paracelsiste, masculine
parachutiste, masculine
parano, masculine
paranoïaque, masculine
paranoïde, masculine
paranthrope, masculine
parapentiste, masculine
procrastination, feminine
productivité, feminine
proie, feminine
promesse, feminine
propagandiste, masculine
propagation, feminine
prophétie, feminine
propriété, feminine
prosopopée, feminine
prosopopœe, feminine
prospérité, feminine
prothrombine, feminine
protolangue, feminine
proue, feminine
province, feminine
proximité, feminine
prudence, feminine
præbende, feminine
prædestination, feminine
præface, feminine
præsence, feminine
præsomption, feminine
précaution, feminine
précipitation, feminine
prédiction, feminine
prédilection, feminine
préparation, feminine
préposition, feminine
présence, feminine
présentation, feminine
présidente, feminine
présomption, feminine
psychiatrie, feminine
psychologie, feminine
publicité, feminine
puissance, feminine
pulvérisation, feminine
pureté, feminine
putain, feminine
pute, feminine
pâleur, feminine
pâte, feminine
pæderastie, feminine
pædiatrie, feminine
patriarche, masculine
patriotisme, masculine
patrouilleur, masculine
pays, masculine
pelo, masculine
pendant, masculine
perdant, masculine
perinæe, masculine
perso, masculine
pescheur, masculine
pet, masculine
petit, masculine
peuple, masculine
phacochœre, masculine
phanal, masculine
phantasme, masculine
phantôme, masculine
phlegme, masculine
phlogistique, masculine
phoque, masculine
phænomene, masculine
phénix, masculine
phénomène, masculine
phœnicien, masculine
phœnix, masculine
piano, masculine
picadon, masculine
pidjin, masculine
piment, masculine
pin, masculine
pingouin, masculine
pipi, masculine
piqué, masculine
pis, masculine
piège, masculine
plagiat, masculine
plaisir, masculine
plan, masculine
planning, masculine
plasmalemme, masculine
ballast, masculine
ballon, masculine
ballonnement, masculine
ballot, masculine
ballottage, masculine
baloutche, masculine
baloutchi, masculine
baloutchistan, masculine
balthazar, masculine
bambara, masculine
bambocheur, masculine
bambou, masculine
bananier, masculine
banc, masculine
bandage, masculine
bandeau, masculine
bandit, masculine
bangkokien, masculine
bangkokois, masculine
bangladesh, masculine
banjo, masculine
bankster, masculine
bannissement, masculine
banquet, masculine
banquier, masculine
banyumasan, masculine
baobab, masculine
baptême, masculine
baptisme, masculine
baptistère, masculine
baragouin, masculine
baratin, masculine
barbeau, masculine
barbet, masculine
beurette, feminine
beuverie, feminine
beyrouthine, feminine
bhoutanaise, feminine
bibiane, feminine
bible, feminine
bibliomanie, feminine
bibliophobie, feminine
bibliopsychologie, feminine
biche, feminine
bicyclette, feminine
bidoche, feminine
bielle, feminine
biélorussie, feminine
bienfaisance, feminine
bienfaitrice, feminine
biennale, feminine
bienséance, feminine
bienveillance, feminine
bifurcation, feminine
bigamie, feminine
bigarrure, feminine
bigorexie, feminine
bigorexique, masculine
bigote, feminine
bijouterie, feminine
bijoutière, feminine
bile, feminine
bilharziose, feminine
bilirubine, feminine
bille, feminine
bilocation, feminine
bioacoustique, feminine
pédiatrie, feminine
pédérastie, feminine
pénitence, feminine
période, masculine
pêche, feminine
pêcheuse, feminine
qualification, feminine
qualité, feminine
quantité, feminine
question, feminine
questionnette, feminine
quiche, feminine
quinzaine, feminine
quæstion, feminine
quête, feminine
racaille, feminine
race, feminine
radiologie, feminine
rage, feminine
raisin, masculine
raison, feminine
rambarde, feminine
rancune, feminine
rançon, feminine
rasabilité, feminine
ratatouille, feminine
rate, feminine
rationalité, feminine
recette, feminine
recherche, feminine
rechute, feminine
reconnexion, feminine
redondance, feminine
reine, feminine
relativité, feminine
religion, feminine
relique, feminine
relève, feminine
renommée, feminine
rentabilité, feminine
représentation, feminine
responsabilité, feminine
retraduction, feminine
revendication, feminine
rhytidectomie, feminine
richesse, feminine
ride, feminine
riotte, feminine
rivalité, feminine
rive, feminine
rivière, feminine
rizière, feminine
robe, feminine
romance, feminine
romanophile, masculine
romanophone, masculine
roquette, feminine
rose, masculine
roue, feminine
royaliste, masculine
rue, feminine
rumeur, feminine
rune, feminine
rupture, feminine
russie, feminine
râpe, feminine
règle, feminine
réaction, feminine
réalisation, feminine
réalité, feminine
rébellion, feminine
réceptivité, feminine
réconciliation, feminine
platine, feminine
pleurnichard, masculine
plomb, masculine
plombier, masculine
plou, masculine
plutonisme, masculine
pléonasme, masculine
pneu, masculine
poids, masculine
poignard, masculine
poil, masculine
poing, feminine
point, masculine
pois, masculine
poison, masculine
poisson, masculine
poivre, masculine
poivron, masculine
poker, masculine
politicien, feminine
polymère, masculine
polythéisme, masculine
pommier, masculine
pomœrium, masculine
pont, masculine
popotin, masculine
porc, masculine
portefeuille, masculine
portemonnaie, masculine
potager, masculine
potassium, masculine
poteau, masculine
pou, masculine
pouce, masculine
poulet, masculine
poumon, masculine
pourboire, masculine
pourcentage, masculine
pourtour, masculine
preux, masculine
prince, masculine
principal, masculine
principe, masculine
printemps, masculine
privilège, masculine
procaryote, masculine
proctodæum, masculine
prodrome, masculine
produit, masculine
professeur, masculine
professionnel, masculine
profond, masculine
programme, masculine
progrès, masculine
prologue, masculine
pronom, masculine
prophète, masculine
propræteur, masculine
protectionnisme, masculine
proverbe, masculine
præcedent, masculine
præcepte, masculine
præcepteur, masculine
prædecesseur, masculine
præjudice, masculine
præsident, masculine
præstige, feminine
præteur, masculine
prætexte, masculine
prætorien, masculine
pré, masculine
barbier, masculine
barbiturique, feminine
barbouillage, masculine
barbu, masculine
barcelonais, masculine
bardot, masculine
barème, masculine
baril, masculine
barillet, masculine
bariolage, masculine
barnabé, masculine
barographe, masculine
baron, masculine
baronnet, masculine
baroque, masculine
baroud, masculine
barrage, masculine
barreau, masculine
barreur, masculine
baruch, masculine
barycentre, masculine
baryton, masculine
baryum, masculine
bas, masculine
basalte, masculine
baseball, masculine
bashar, masculine
basile, masculine
basket, feminine
basketball, masculine
basketteur, masculine
basset, masculine
bassin, masculine
basson, masculine
bastien, masculine
bastion, masculine
bataclan, masculine
bataillon, masculine
bâtard, masculine
batelier, masculine
bathyscaphe, masculine
bâti, masculine
bâtonnet, masculine
battage, masculine
battant, masculine
battement, masculine
biocénose, feminine
bioclimatologie, feminine
biodégradation, feminine
biodiversité, feminine
biodynamique, feminine
bioélectronique, feminine
bioénergétique, feminine
bioéthique, feminine
biogenèse, feminine
biogénétique, feminine
biogéographie, feminine
bioindication, feminine
biolite, feminine
bioluminescence, feminine
biomasse, feminine
biomécanique, feminine
biométéorologie, feminine
biométrie, feminine
biomolécule, feminine
bionique, feminine
biophysique, feminine
biopsie, feminine
bioremédiation, feminine
biospéléologie, feminine
biosphère, feminine
biosynthèse, feminine
biotechnique, feminine
biotechnologie, feminine
biotechnologue, masculine
biothérapie, feminine
biotine, feminine
bipartition, feminine
biphobie, feminine
biréfringence, feminine
birmanie, feminine
bisbille, feminine
biscotte, feminine
bise, feminine
bisexualité, feminine
bismuthinite, feminine
bissection, feminine
bissectrice, feminine
bizarrerie, feminine
blaise, masculine
blaisette, feminine
blancheur, feminine
blandine, feminine
blennorragie, feminine
blogosphère, feminine
blogueuse, feminine
blouse, feminine
bobine, feminine
bohême, masculine
boiserie, feminine
boîte, feminine
bolivie, feminine
bolivienne, feminine
récupération, feminine
rédaction, feminine
réduction, feminine
réflexion, feminine
réflexivité, feminine
réformiste, masculine
référence, feminine
rémige, feminine
rénovation, feminine
réparation, feminine
répartition, feminine
réponse, feminine
répression, feminine
république, feminine
répétition, feminine
résistance, feminine
résolution, feminine
résonance, feminine
révérence, feminine
sac, masculine
sacoche, feminine
sagesse, feminine
sagette, feminine
sagittaire, masculine
sainteté, feminine
saison, feminine
salacité, feminine
salade, feminine
saleté, feminine
salsepareille, feminine
salve, feminine
sandale, feminine
santé, feminine
sapience, feminine
sarbacane, feminine
sardine, feminine
satirique, masculine
satisfaction, feminine
saucisse, feminine
saudade, feminine
sautillabilité, feminine
sauvagerie, feminine
sauvegarde, feminine
scarole, feminine
sceptique, masculine
schistosomiase, feminine
schizophrénie, feminine
schizophrénique, masculine
science, feminine
scientifique, masculine
scorie, feminine
semaine, feminine
semence, feminine
semoule, feminine
sensibilité, feminine
seringue, feminine
serre, feminine
servitude, feminine
sexualité, feminine
señora, feminine
silhouette, feminine
simplicité, feminine
sincérité, feminine
société, feminine
soie, feminine
soif, feminine
solennité, feminine
solidarité, feminine
somme, masculine
sommité, feminine
sonorité, feminine
préambule, masculine
précipice, masculine
précis, masculine
préliminaire, masculine
prélude, masculine
prélèvement, masculine
prénom, masculine
préservatif, masculine
prétendu, masculine
prêt, masculine
prêtre, masculine
psaume, masculine
ptyalisme, masculine
pula, masculine
pylore, masculine
père, masculine
pélican, masculine
pénis, masculine
périmètre, masculine
périnée, masculine
péronisme, masculine
pêcher, masculine
pêcheur, masculine
pœcile, masculine
quai, masculine
qual, masculine
quant, masculine
quartier, masculine
questeur, masculine
quorum, masculine
quotidien, masculine
quotient, masculine
quæsteur, masculine
rafraîchissant, masculine
rainette, feminine
raisonnement, masculine
ralenti, masculine
rappel, masculine
rapport, masculine
rationalisme, masculine
rayonnement, masculine
recommenceur, masculine
record, masculine
recrutement, masculine
recréateur, masculine
rectangle, masculine
refaiseur, masculine
refuge, masculine
regard, masculine
reggaeton, masculine
rein, masculine
relationnel, masculine
relativisme, masculine
relief, masculine
religieux, masculine
renard, masculine
rendement, masculine
renom, masculine
renouvellement, masculine
renseignement, masculine
repas, masculine
reporter, feminine
reproducteur, masculine
repère, masculine
requiabtar, masculine
requiem, masculine
requin, masculine
respect, masculine
batteur, masculine
baudet, masculine
baudouin, masculine
baume, masculine
bavard, masculine
bavardage, masculine
bavarois, masculine
bavoir, masculine
bazar, masculine
bdsm, masculine
beauceron, masculine
bébé, masculine
bec, masculine
bécarre, masculine
bède, masculine
bédouin, masculine
bégonia, masculine
béguin, masculine
béhaviorisme, masculine
bel, masculine
bélarus, masculine
belgradois, masculine
belize, masculine
belligérant, masculine
bémol, masculine
bénédictin, masculine
bénéfice, masculine
bénéficier, masculine
bengale, masculine
bengali, masculine
bénin, masculine
benjamin, masculine
benoît, masculine
benzène, masculine
benzofurane, masculine
bercail, masculine
bergamotier, masculine
berger, feminine
bergsonisme, masculine
béribéri, masculine
berkélium, masculine
berlin, masculine
berlinois, masculine
bermuda, masculine
bermudien, masculine
bernardin, masculine
bernois, masculine
bertrand, masculine
bologne, feminine
bolonaise, feminine
bombance, feminine
bombe, feminine
bombilla, feminine
bôme, feminine
bonhomie, feminine
bonification, feminine
bonn, feminine
bonnoise, feminine
boracite, feminine
bordeaux, masculine
bordure, feminine
borne, feminine
bornéo, masculine
borréliose, feminine
bosnie, feminine
bosse, feminine
bostonienne, feminine
botswanaise, feminine
botte, feminine
bottine, feminine
bouchée, feminine
boue, feminine
bouée, feminine
bouffe, masculine
bougie, feminine
bouillabaisse, feminine
bouillie, feminine
bouilloire, feminine
bouillotte, feminine
boulangerie, feminine
boulimie, feminine
boulimique, masculine
bourde, feminine
bourgade, feminine
bourgogne, masculine
bourguignonne, feminine
bouriatie, feminine
bourrasque, feminine
bourrée, feminine
bourse, feminine
boursouflure, feminine
bousculade, feminine
bouse, feminine
boutique, feminine
boutonnière, feminine
sorcellerie, feminine
sorcière, feminine
sortie, feminine
soucoupe, feminine
soumission, feminine
soupe, feminine
souris, masculine
soustraction, feminine
restaurant, masculine
reste, masculine
retard, masculine
retranchement, masculine
rhume, masculine
béryl, masculine
béryllium, masculine
beskides, masculine
beskydes, masculine
bêtabloquant, masculine
boxe, feminine
brachiation, feminine
brachylogie, feminine
braconnière, feminine
braderie, feminine
braguette, feminine
anisotropie, feminine
ankara, feminine
ankérite, feminine
ankylose, feminine
annabelle, feminine
annale, feminine
annales, feminine
annécienne, feminine
alépin, masculine
aléseur, masculine
aleurode, masculine
aleuromètre, masculine
alevinier, masculine
alévisme, masculine
alexipharmaque, masculine
alexitère, masculine
alezan, masculine
alfatier, masculine
annonay, feminine
annonceuse, feminine
annonciatrice, feminine
annoncière, feminine
annotatrice, feminine
annualisation, feminine
annualité, feminine
anodisation, feminine
anomérie, feminine
anomie, feminine
anonymie, feminine
anonymisation, feminine
anopsie, feminine
anorgasmie, feminine
anosognosie, feminine
anouchka, feminine
anoxémie, feminine
anoxie, feminine
antananarivo, feminine
antarès, feminine
ante, feminine
antécédence, feminine
antéfixe, feminine
antennaire, feminine
antériorité, feminine
anthère, feminine
anthéridie, feminine
anthocyanidine, feminine
anthoxanthine, feminine
anthracnose, feminine
anthracose, feminine
anthrène, feminine
anthropisation, feminine
anthropochorie, feminine
anthropogammamétrie, feminine
anthropogenèse, feminine
anthropogénie, feminine
anthropométrie, feminine
algeroth, masculine
alginate, masculine
algo, masculine
algol, masculine
algonquin, masculine
alguazil, masculine
alias, masculine
aliboufier, masculine
alien, masculine
aliénateur, masculine
aliénisme, masculine
alif, masculine
aligot, masculine
aligoté, masculine
alisme, masculine
alitement, masculine
alizari, masculine
alizier, masculine
alkékenge, masculine
alkoxyde, masculine
alkylarène, masculine
allant, masculine
allatif, masculine
allègement, masculine
allégretto, masculine
allegro, masculine
allégro, masculine
allèle, masculine
allène, masculine
alleu, masculine
alleutier, masculine
allier, masculine
allocentrisme, masculine
allocuteur, masculine
allographe, masculine
allomorphe, masculine
anthroporadiométrie, feminine
antiacadémique, masculine
antibiorésistance, feminine
antiboise, feminine
antichrèse, feminine
anticommutativité, feminine
antimondialisation, feminine
antinomie, feminine
antiochène, feminine
antipoutinienne, feminine
antipsychiatrie, feminine
antiquaille, feminine
antisepsie, feminine
antistalinienne, feminine
antistrophe, feminine
antitoxine, feminine
antoniane, feminine
aoc, feminine
aoi, feminine
aortite, feminine
aoste, feminine
aostoise, feminine
aoûtienne, feminine
apache, masculine
apagogie, feminine
apamée, feminine
apaméenne, feminine
apamène, masculine
allonyme, masculine
allopathe, masculine
allopatrie, masculine
allopurinol, masculine
allosome, masculine
allotétraploïde, masculine
allotrope, masculine
allumettier, masculine
alluvionnement, masculine
allyle, masculine
allylène, masculine
almageste, masculine
almanaque, masculine
almandin, masculine
almasilium, masculine
almicantarat, masculine
alouate, masculine
alpe, masculine
alphabétisme, masculine
alphasyllabaire, masculine
alphée, masculine
alpicois, masculine
alpiculteur, masculine
altaï, masculine
altermondialisme, masculine
alternat, masculine
althaea, masculine
althæa, masculine
althée, masculine
altiport, masculine
alto, masculine
altuglas, masculine
alu, masculine
aluminage, masculine
aluminate, masculine
aluminiage, masculine
paraplégique, masculine
parapsychologue, masculine
parasitologiste, masculine
parasitologue, masculine
parathlète, masculine
paria, masculine
parodiste, masculine
partenaire, masculine
parthe, masculine
participationniste, masculine
partner, masculine
pastelliste, masculine
pathologiste, masculine
patriote, masculine
pauliste, masculine
paysagiste, masculine
pdg, masculine
péagiste, masculine
pédagogue, masculine
pédiatre, masculine
pédicure, masculine
pédologue, masculine
pédophile, masculine
pédopsychiatre, masculine
pénaliste, masculine
pendulaire, masculine
pensionnaire, masculine
pensionné, masculine
people, masculine
pépiniériste, masculine
péquiste, masculine
perchiste, masculine
percussionniste, masculine
perfectionniste, masculine
perforateur, masculine
périèque, masculine
permissionnaire, masculine
péroniste, masculine
perse, masculine
personnaliste, masculine
pessimiste, masculine
pestiféré, masculine
pétainiste, masculine
pétitionnaire, masculine
apepsie, feminine
aperceveuse, feminine
apéritrice, feminine
aperture, feminine
aphonie, feminine
aphrodite, feminine
aphyllanthe, feminine
apiacée, feminine
apicultrice, feminine
aplasie, feminine
aplatisseuse, feminine
aplatissoire, feminine
apocatastase, feminine
apocoloquintose, feminine
alun, masculine
alunage, masculine
alvéolage, masculine
alvéole, masculine
amadouvier, masculine
amal, masculine
amalric, masculine
amandé, masculine
amaretto, masculine
amareyeur, masculine
amarinage, masculine
amarrage, masculine
amarsissage, masculine
pétomane, masculine
pétrarquiste, masculine
pétrochimiste, masculine
pétrographe, masculine
pétrologue, masculine
phallocrate, masculine
pharmacologiste, masculine
pharmacologue, masculine
phénoménologiste, masculine
phénoménologue, masculine
philanthrope, masculine
philantrope, masculine
philatéliste, masculine
philologue, masculine
philosophe, masculine
philuméniste, masculine
phlébologue, masculine
phoniatre, masculine
phonologue, masculine
photographe, masculine
photojournaliste, masculine
photoreporter, masculine
phrénologue, masculine
phtisiologue, masculine
phycologiste, masculine
physicaliste, masculine
physiocrate, masculine
physiognomoniste, masculine
physiologiste, masculine
physionomiste, masculine
physiopathologiste, masculine
physiothérapeute, masculine
phytothérapeute, masculine
pianiste, masculine
picquier, masculine
piétiste, masculine
piézophile, masculine
pigasse, masculine
pigiste, masculine
pinochet, masculine
piquemal, masculine
pirate, masculine
pironi, masculine
piscivore, masculine
pittoresque, masculine
pivot, masculine
plagiaire, masculine
plagiste, masculine
planchiste, masculine
planctophage, masculine
planétologue, masculine
plénipotentiaire, masculine
plouc, masculine
ploutocrate, masculine
pluraliste, masculine
pnc, masculine
pneumologue, masculine
pococurante, masculine
podologue, masculine
poète, masculine
poincariste, masculine
pointilliste, masculine
poirot, masculine
polaque, masculine
polémiste, masculine
polémologue, masculine
politicologue, masculine
politique, masculine
politiste, masculine
politologue, masculine
poltron, masculine
polyextrêmophile, masculine
polygame, masculine
polygéniste, masculine
polyglotte, masculine
polygraphe, masculine
polygraphiste, masculine
polymathe, masculine
polyphoniste, masculine
polythéiste, masculine
polytoxicomane, masculine
pomologiste, masculine
pomologue, masculine
pompiste, masculine
pongiste, masculine
populationniste, masculine
pornographe, masculine
portos, masculine
portraitiste, masculine
posadiste, masculine
possibiliste, masculine
poujadiste, masculine
poupon, masculine
poutiniste, masculine
préado, masculine
presbyte, masculine
prestataire, masculine
prévisionniste, masculine
prigojine, masculine
pro, masculine
proche, masculine
proctologue, masculine
prof, masculine
projectionniste, masculine
prolo, masculine
promotionnaire, masculine
propriétaire, masculine
protectionniste, masculine
protestataire, masculine
prothésiste, masculine
protistologue, masculine
providentialiste, masculine
proxénète, masculine
psalmiste, masculine
pseudoparasite, masculine
psy, masculine
psychagogue, masculine
psychanalyste, masculine
psychiatre, masculine
psycholinguiste, masculine
psychologiste, masculine
psychologue, masculine
psychonaute, masculine
psychopathe, masculine
psychophysiologiste, masculine
psychopompe, masculine
psychosociologue, masculine
psychothérapeute, masculine
psychotique, masculine
ptéridographe, masculine
publiciste, masculine
publicitaire, masculine
pugiliste, masculine
pupille, masculine
puriste, masculine
putschiste, masculine
pygmée, masculine
pyromane, masculine
qatariote, masculine
quadra, masculine
quadragénaire, masculine
quarantenaire, masculine
quétaine, masculine
quiétiste, masculine
quillévéré, masculine
quinqua, masculine
brahmane, masculine
branche, feminine
branchie, feminine
brasilia, feminine
brasse, feminine
brassée, feminine
brasserie, feminine
brassière, feminine
bravoure, feminine
brèche, feminine
breloque, feminine
brême, feminine
brésilienne, feminine
bretagne, feminine
bretelle, feminine
bretonne, feminine
bribe, feminine
bricole, feminine
bride, feminine
brièveté, feminine
brigade, feminine
brigitte, feminine
brindille, feminine
bringue, feminine
brioche, feminine
brise, feminine
brocante, feminine
brochantite, feminine
broche, feminine
brochette, feminine
broderie, feminine
brodeuse, feminine
broie, feminine
bromation, feminine
bromatologie, feminine
bronche, feminine
bronchectasie, feminine
brontophobie, feminine
brosse, feminine
brouette, feminine
brouille, feminine
bêtacarotène, masculine
béton, masculine
beuglement, masculine
beur, masculine
beurrier, masculine
beyrouth, masculine
beyrouthin, masculine
bhoutan, masculine
bhoutanais, masculine
biafra, masculine
biais, masculine
biathlon, masculine
biberon, masculine
bibliomane, masculine
bicentenaire, masculine
bichromate, masculine
bicycle, masculine
bidasse, masculine
bidet, masculine
bidon, masculine
bidonville, masculine
bidouilleur, masculine
bidule, masculine
bienfait, masculine
bienfaiteur, masculine
bifteck, masculine
bigot, masculine
bigoudi, masculine
bijoutier, masculine
bikini, masculine
bilan, masculine
bilinguisme, masculine
billard, masculine
billet, masculine
rhythme, masculine
ribosome, masculine
rien, masculine
rire, masculine
ris, masculine
risque, masculine
rital, masculine
riz, masculine
rob, masculine
robinet, masculine
roche, feminine
roi, masculine
roman, masculine
rosaire, masculine
rossignol, masculine
rotationnel, masculine
rotengle, masculine
rouge, masculine
royaume, masculine
ru, masculine
rumen, masculine
rumsteak, masculine
rupteur, masculine
rural, masculine
rythme, masculine
réfectoire, masculine
réfrigérateur, masculine
régiment, masculine
région, feminine
régisseur, masculine
réglage, masculine
réorganisateur, masculine
répit, masculine
répétiteur, masculine
réseau, masculine
résultat, masculine
réveil, masculine
rêve, masculine
rôle, masculine
sable, masculine
sabot, masculine
sabotage, masculine
sacrement, masculine
soute, feminine
spatule, feminine
sphære, feminine
sphère, feminine
sphérique, masculine
spontanéité, feminine
spécialité, feminine
stabilité, feminine
statue, feminine
stimulation, feminine
strangurie, feminine
stratégie, feminine
stœchiologie, feminine
stœchiométrie, feminine
substitution, feminine
succube, masculine
suie, feminine
suite, feminine
suivante, feminine
supériorité, feminine
surdité, feminine
surface, feminine
surintendance, feminine
surprise, feminine
surtaxe, feminine
surveillance, feminine
suspicion, feminine
suède, masculine
sveltesse, feminine
sympathie, feminine
symphonie, feminine
synagogue, feminine
synalèphe, feminine
synalœphe, feminine
synapomorphie, feminine
sécrétion, feminine
sécurité, feminine
sélection, feminine
sénilité, feminine
séparation, feminine
sérénité, feminine
sœur, feminine
sœurette, feminine
tabatière, feminine
table, feminine
tache, feminine
taille, feminine
tanière, feminine
tante, feminine
tare, feminine
broussaille, feminine
brousse, feminine
bru, feminine
brucite, feminine
bruine, feminine
brume, feminine
brune, feminine
brutalité, feminine
brute, feminine
bruxelles, feminine
bruxelloise, feminine
bruyère, feminine
buanderie, feminine
bucarest, feminine
bûche, feminine
bucolique, feminine
budgétisation, feminine
buergerite, feminine
bulbe, masculine
bulgarie, feminine
buprénorphine, feminine
bureautique, feminine
buse, feminine
butte, feminine
bytownite, feminine
byzance, feminine
cabale, feminine
cabane, feminine
cabine, feminine
cacahouète, feminine
cacahuète, feminine
cachotterie, feminine
cachoubie, feminine
cacographie, feminine
cacophonie, feminine
cactée, feminine
cadavérine, feminine
cadence, feminine
cadix, feminine
caféière, feminine
cafeterie, feminine
cafetière, feminine
cage, feminine
caille, feminine
caissière, feminine
calabraise, feminine
calabre, feminine
calandre, feminine
calculatrice, feminine
calculette, feminine
caldera, feminine
calèche, feminine
calédonie, feminine
calédonienne, feminine
billot, masculine
bimensuel, masculine
bimestriel, masculine
bimétallisme, masculine
binôme, masculine
biocarburant, masculine
biocatalyseur, masculine
biocide, masculine
bioélément, masculine
bioéthanol, masculine
bioéthicien, masculine
bioéthicienne, masculine
biofilm, masculine
biologisme, masculine
biomarqueur, masculine
biome, masculine
biophysicien, masculine
biorythme, masculine
biotechnicien, masculine
biotope, feminine
biotron, masculine
biotype, masculine
bioxyde, masculine
biphényle, masculine
biplan, masculine
birman, masculine
bisaïeul, masculine
biscuit, masculine
bisexuel, masculine
bismuth, masculine
bison, masculine
bistouri, masculine
bistrot, masculine
bitume, masculine
bivac, masculine
bizutage, masculine
blagueur, masculine
blaireau, masculine
blâme, masculine
blanc, masculine
blanchissage, masculine
blandin, masculine
blason, masculine
blasphème, masculine
bleuet, masculine
bloc, masculine
blocage, masculine
blocus, masculine
blog, masculine
blogue, masculine
blogueur, masculine
blond, masculine
saint, masculine
salut, masculine
sanguin, masculine
santal, masculine
sapote, masculine
sas, feminine
satin, masculine
sauveur, masculine
savate, feminine
savon, masculine
scandium, masculine
scrupule, masculine
seau, masculine
second, masculine
secret, masculine
sein, masculine
seize, masculine
sel, masculine
sens, masculine
septante, feminine
septembre, masculine
sepulcre, masculine
sergé, masculine
serpent, masculine
sertão, masculine
servage, masculine
serviteur, masculine
sextuplé, masculine
shako, masculine
si, masculine
sieur, masculine
silence, masculine
sin, masculine
singe, masculine
sinonime, masculine
sinople, masculine
sirop, masculine
situation, feminine
siècle, masculine
siège, masculine
ski, masculine
sobriquet, masculine
socialisme, masculine
soin, masculine
soixante, masculine
sol, masculine
soldat, masculine
soleil, masculine
solécisme, masculine
solœcisme, masculine
sommeil, masculine
sommelier, masculine
sommet, masculine
son, masculine
songe, masculine
sono, feminine
sorgo, masculine
sort, masculine
sortilège, masculine
souchien, masculine
souci, masculine
souffle, masculine
soupçon, masculine
sourcil, masculine
sourire, masculine
souteneur, masculine
souvenir, masculine
taxation, feminine
tempe, feminine
tempête, feminine
tension, feminine
tentative, feminine
terre, feminine
terreur, feminine
testa, feminine
tette, feminine
thanatologie, feminine
thrombine, feminine
théocratie, feminine
théologie, feminine
tige, feminine
tique, feminine
tirade, feminine
toile, feminine
tombe, feminine
tombée, feminine
tortue, feminine
totalité, feminine
toupie, feminine
tour, masculine
toxæmie, feminine
traduction, feminine
tragœdie, feminine
trahison, feminine
trajectoire, feminine
trame, feminine
tranquillité, feminine
transformation, feminine
transgression, feminine
tribologie, feminine
tribune, feminine
triœcie, feminine
trompe, feminine
tronçonneuse, feminine
trouille, feminine
trousse, masculine
truffe, feminine
trésorerie, feminine
tuyauterie, feminine
tâche, feminine
tæniæ, feminine
télégonie, feminine
télémercatique, masculine
ténacité, feminine
ténèbres, feminine
tétralogie, feminine
tête, feminine
ua, masculine
ukraine, feminine
ultraorthodoxe, masculine
une, feminine
union, feminine
unité, feminine
université, feminine
urbanisation, feminine
urbanité, feminine
urine, feminine
urètre, masculine
usine, feminine
usure, feminine
utilisation, feminine
utilité, feminine
uvula, feminine
uvule, feminine
vache, feminine
valise, feminine
vapeur, masculine
variabilité, feminine
variante, feminine
caléidoscope, feminine
calembredaine, feminine
californie, feminine
californienne, feminine
calligraphie, feminine
calomniatrice, feminine
calomnie, feminine
caloricité, feminine
calorie, feminine
calorimétrie, feminine
calvitie, feminine
camaraderie, feminine
camarilla, feminine
cambodgienne, feminine
cambrioleuse, feminine
camélia, masculine
camelote, feminine
caméra, feminine
camerounaise, feminine
camionnette, feminine
camomille, feminine
campanie, feminine
campanienn, feminine
campanologie, feminine
campanule, feminine
canadienne, feminine
canaille, feminine
canalisation, feminine
canarienne, feminine
canaries, feminine
cancérogenèse, feminine
cancérogénicité, feminine
cancérologie, feminine
cancérophobie, feminine
candela, feminine
candéla, feminine
candeur, feminine
candice, feminine
candidature, feminine
candidose, feminine
cane, feminine
canette, feminine
canicule, feminine
canine, feminine
canne, feminine
canneberge, feminine
cannelle, feminine
canonisation, feminine
cantabrie, feminine
cantatrice, feminine
cantilène, feminine
cantine, feminine
capabilité, feminine
cape, feminine
capécitabine, feminine
capitale, feminine
capitalisation, feminine
capitulation, feminine
capoeira, feminine
capote, feminine
blouson, masculine
blues, masculine
bluff, masculine
boa, masculine
boaz, masculine
bocal, masculine
bogue, feminine
bohrium, masculine
boire, masculine
boisseau, masculine
boitement, masculine
bokeh, masculine
bolide, masculine
bolivien, masculine
bolognais, masculine
bombardement, masculine
bombardier, feminine
bombeur, masculine
bonapartisme, masculine
bonaventure, feminine
bonbon, masculine
bond, masculine
bonheur, masculine
bonhomme, masculine
boni, masculine
boniface, masculine
bonnet, masculine
bonnois, masculine
bonus, masculine
boom, masculine
boomerang, masculine
booz, masculine
borane, masculine
borate, masculine
borborygme, masculine
bord, masculine
bordelais, masculine
bordereau, masculine
bore, masculine
borsalino, masculine
bosnien, masculine
boson, masculine
bosphore, masculine
bosquet, masculine
bossu, masculine
bostonien, masculine
bostonnais, masculine
botswana, masculine
botswanais, masculine
botulisme, masculine
bouc, masculine
bouclier, masculine
boudin, masculine
soy, masculine
speech, masculine
spermicide, masculine
sphæroïde, masculine
sphéroïde, masculine
sport, masculine
square, masculine
squelette, masculine
stimulus, masculine
stomodæum, masculine
strigoi, masculine
stripping, masculine
style, masculine
stylo, masculine
subjonctif, masculine
subpœna, masculine
substantif, feminine
succès, masculine
sucre, masculine
sud, masculine
sudoku, masculine
superlatif, masculine
supermarché, masculine
support, masculine
surgeon, masculine
surmenage, masculine
surplus, masculine
surtout, masculine
symbole, masculine
symptôme, masculine
syndic, masculine
syndicat, masculine
synonyme, masculine
synécisme, masculine
synœcisme, masculine
système, masculine
sçavoir, masculine
sédévacantisme, masculine
sélénium, masculine
sénégal, masculine
sésame, masculine
tableau, masculine
taffetas, masculine
tambour, masculine
tanto, masculine
taratata, masculine
tas, masculine
tatouage, masculine
taureau, masculine
tchèque, feminine
telluromètre, masculine
temple, feminine
temps, masculine
tenant, masculine
tentatif, masculine
terme, masculine
terrible, masculine
territoire, masculine
testicule, masculine
texte, masculine
thermomètre, masculine
thermos, masculine
thomisme, masculine
thon, masculine
thrombocyte, masculine
thrésor, masculine
thrône, masculine
théâtre, masculine
variole, feminine
variété, feminine
vassalité, feminine
vendange, feminine
verbosité, feminine
vertèbre, feminine
vie, feminine
vierge, masculine
villa, feminine
ville, feminine
violence, feminine
virago, feminine
virginité, feminine
vis, feminine
viscose, feminine
vitalité, feminine
vitamine, feminine
vladivostok, feminine
voie, feminine
voiture, feminine
voix, feminine
volonté, feminine
voute, feminine
voyelle, feminine
voûte, feminine
vue, feminine
vulgarité, feminine
végétation, feminine
véhémence, feminine
vélocité, feminine
vénération, feminine
vérification, feminine
vérité, feminine
xénophobie, feminine
xénoplante, feminine
yeuse, feminine
yole, feminine
yougoslavie, feminine
yourte, feminine
ypérite, feminine
zenana, masculine
zooglée, feminine
zooglœe, feminine
zoophilie, feminine
zoœcie, feminine
zénana, masculine
écaille, feminine
échelle, feminine
échole, feminine
école, feminine
écologie, feminine
économie, feminine
capouane, feminine
cappadoce, feminine
cappadocienne, feminine
capri, masculine
capsaïcine, feminine
capsule, feminine
boueux, masculine
bouffon, masculine
tictac, masculine
tiers, masculine
tigreau, masculine
écorce, feminine
écoute, feminine
écriture, feminine
amateurisme, masculine
amazigh, masculine
amazighisant, masculine
amazighisme, masculine
ambage, masculine
ambazoni, masculine
ambianceur, masculine
ambigramme, masculine
ambigu, masculine
amblyoscope, masculine
amblystome, masculine
ambon, masculine
apodose, feminine
apogamie, feminine
apollonia, feminine
apollonie, feminine
apomécométrie, feminine
apomixie, feminine
apomorphine, feminine
aponévrologie, feminine
aponévrose, feminine
aponévrotomie, feminine
apophase, feminine
apophénie, feminine
apophonie, feminine
apophyse, feminine
aporophobie, feminine
ambréine, masculine
ambulacre, masculine
ambulancier, masculine
ambystome, masculine
amédée, masculine
amélanchier, masculine
améliorateur, masculine
amen, masculine
amenage, masculine
aménagement, masculine
aménageur, masculine
amensalisme, masculine
amenuisement, masculine
americana, masculine
américançais, masculine
amériçate, masculine
américyle, masculine
amerissage, masculine
amérissage, masculine
amerlo, masculine
amerloque, masculine
amerlot, masculine
ameublissement, masculine
amherst, masculine
amiboïde, masculine
amict, masculine
amide, masculine
amidonnage, masculine
amidonnier, masculine
amidure, masculine
amiénois, masculine
amin, masculine
aminoacide, masculine
aminoalcool, masculine
aminobenzène, masculine
aminogramme, masculine
aminométhane, masculine
aminoplaste, masculine
amitose, masculine
ammeistre, masculine
ammestre, masculine
ammonitrate, masculine
ammonium, masculine
ammoniure, masculine
ammorti, masculine
amodiataire, masculine
amodiateur, masculine
amoindrissement, masculine
aposiopèse, feminine
apostille, feminine
apostolicité, feminine
apothicairerie, feminine
apôtresse, feminine
appareillade, feminine
appareilleuse, feminine
apparitrice, feminine
appelante, feminine
appendicectomie, feminine
appertisation, feminine
appétence, feminine
applaudisseuse, feminine
appli, feminine
applicabilité, feminine
applicatrice, feminine
applique, feminine
appliquette, feminine
appoggiature, feminine
appogiature, feminine
apposition, feminine
appréciabilité, feminine
appréciatrice, feminine
apprentie, feminine
apprêteuse, feminine
apprivoiseuse, feminine
approbativité, feminine
appropriatrice, feminine
approvisionneuse, feminine
approximation, feminine
apraxie, feminine
âpreté, feminine
apside, feminine
aptérygote, feminine
aquacultrice, feminine
aquagym, feminine
aquanettoyage, feminine
aquaphobie, feminine
aquaplane, feminine
aquatinte, feminine
aquicultrice, feminine
amollissant, masculine
amome, masculine
amoncèlement, masculine
amont, masculine
amontillado, masculine
amorçage, masculine
amorceur, masculine
amorti, masculine
amos, masculine
amphi, masculine
amphictyon, masculine
amphigouri, masculine
amphihexaèdre, masculine
amphisbène, masculine
amphitryon, masculine
ampholyte, masculine
amphotéricine, masculine
ampli, masculine
amputé, masculine
amrou, masculine
amuïssement, masculine
amuseur, masculine
amyle, masculine
amylène, masculine
amylobacter, masculine
anabaptisme, masculine
anabolisant, masculine
anabolite, masculine
anacarde, masculine
anachorète, masculine
anachorétisme, masculine
anacyclique, masculine
anaérobie, masculine
anagnoste, masculine
anal, masculine
analemme, masculine
analogon, masculine
arabite, feminine
aracée, feminine
arachine, feminine
arachnoïde, feminine
arachnolysine, feminine
arachnotoxine, feminine
aragonite, feminine
aranéologie, feminine
arantèle, feminine
arbalétrière, feminine
arbitrarité, feminine
arbitration, feminine
arbonne, feminine
arborescence, feminine
arboricultrice, feminine
arboriculture, feminine
arborisation, feminine
arbouse, feminine
arbutine, feminine
arcasse, feminine
arcature, feminine
archambault, masculine
archée, feminine
archelle, feminine
archéoastronomie, feminine
archéobactérie, feminine
archéométrie, feminine
archère, feminine
archerie, feminine
archèterie, feminine
archi, feminine
archichancelière, feminine
archichancellerie, feminine
archiconfrérie, feminine
quinquagénaire, masculine
raciste, masculine
radariste, masculine
radiesthésiste, masculine
radioastronome, masculine
radiochimiste, masculine
radiodilettante, masculine
radiologiste, masculine
radiologue, masculine
radiophile, masculine
radiophoniste, masculine
radiotélégraphiste, masculine
radiotéléphoniste, masculine
radiothérapeute, masculine
radiotoxicologue, masculine
raille, masculine
rascol, masculine
rasta, masculine
rationaliste, masculine
raybaud, masculine
réac, masculine
réactionnaire, masculine
réaliste, masculine
rebelle, masculine
réceptionnaire, masculine
réceptionniste, masculine
réchauffiste, masculine
récidiviste, masculine
récipiendaire, masculine
récolteur, masculine
reconstructionniste, masculine
référendaire, masculine
régicide, masculine
réginicide, masculine
régionaliste, masculine
remplaciste, masculine
républicaniste, masculine
responsable, masculine
révisionniste, masculine
révolutionnaire, masculine
rhéologue, masculine
rhéophile, masculine
rhizophage, masculine
rhumatologiste, masculine
anamniote, masculine
anapeste, masculine
anaphrodisiaque, masculine
anapside, masculine
anarchisant, masculine
anarchosyndicalisme, masculine
anastigmat, masculine
anatidé, masculine
anatocisme, masculine
anatron, masculine
anavenin, masculine
anaxagore, masculine
anaxarque, masculine
anaximandre, masculine
anaximène, masculine
archière, feminine
archine, feminine
architectonie, feminine
archive, feminine
archives, feminine
archivistique, feminine
arctitude, feminine
arcure, feminine
ardèche, feminine
ardéchoise, feminine
aréflexie, feminine
aremberge, feminine
arénisation, feminine
arénite, feminine
aréographie, feminine
aréole, feminine
aréométrie, feminine
argenteuse, feminine
rhumatologue, masculine
rigoriste, masculine
ripou, masculine
ritualiste, masculine
rocher, masculine
rocque, masculine
romaniste, masculine
romantique, masculine
rosiériste, masculine
rotativiste, masculine
rouaix, masculine
roucas, masculine
royal, masculine
rubriciste, masculine
ruiniste, masculine
russe, masculine
russiste, masculine
russophile, masculine
russophobe, masculine
russophone, masculine
rustre, masculine
ruthène, masculine
saame, masculine
sadique, masculine
sadiste, masculine
sado, masculine
sage, masculine
sainty, masculine
salafasciste, masculine
salafiste, masculine
salutiste, masculine
same, masculine
sandiniste, masculine
sanguinaire, masculine
sankariste, masculine
sanscritiste, masculine
sanskritiste, masculine
santoni, masculine
sarde, masculine
sarkoziste, masculine
sarkozyste, masculine
sarmate, masculine
sataniste, masculine
sax, masculine
saxophoniste, masculine
scandinave, masculine
scatophage, masculine
scatophile, masculine
scénariste, masculine
scénographe, masculine
schiappa, masculine
schismatique, masculine
schizophrène, masculine
schuiten, masculine
schumann, masculine
scientologue, masculine
scillitique, masculine
scootériste, masculine
scotiste, masculine
scythe, masculine
sécessionniste, masculine
secouriste, masculine
secrétaire, masculine
sectionnaire, masculine
séguier, masculine
seguin, masculine
séide, masculine
séleucide, masculine
semblable, masculine
sémiologue, masculine
sémite, masculine
sensualiste, masculine
séparatiste, masculine
septuagénaire, masculine
serbe, masculine
sérigraphe, masculine
sexa, masculine
sexagénaire, masculine
sexiste, masculine
sexologue, masculine
shivaïste, masculine
shivaïte, masculine
sidérurgiste, masculine
signataire, masculine
sinologue, masculine
sioniste, masculine
sismologue, masculine
situationniste, masculine
slave, masculine
slaviste, masculine
slovaque, masculine
slovène, masculine
snob, masculine
socialiste, masculine
socialo, masculine
sociétaire, masculine
sociologiste, masculine
sociologue, masculine
sociopathe, masculine
sodomiste, masculine
solipsiste, masculine
soliste, masculine
solutionniste, masculine
somnambule, masculine
sonagraphe, masculine
soninké, masculine
sophrologue, masculine
sorabe, masculine
soûlographe, masculine
soum, masculine
souverainiste, masculine
souveraintiste, masculine
soviétique, masculine
soviétologue, masculine
spartakiste, masculine
spasmophile, masculine
spationaute, masculine
spécialiste, masculine
spectroscopiste, masculine
spéléologue, masculine
spéléonaute, masculine
spermatiste, masculine
spinoziste, masculine
spirite, masculine
spiritiste, masculine
spiritualiste, masculine
spontanéiste, masculine
stagiaire, masculine
staliniste, masculine
stambouliote, masculine
standardiste, masculine
sténo, masculine
sténodactylographe, masculine
sténographe, masculine
sténotypiste, masculine
stercoraniste, masculine
stigmatisé, masculine
stockiste, masculine
stoïque, masculine
stomatologiste, masculine
écuelle, feminine
édification, feminine
édition, feminine
éducation, feminine
égalité, feminine
égide, masculine
église, feminine
égophonie, feminine
égratignure, feminine
éjaculation, feminine
élaboration, feminine
élection, feminine
électricité, feminine
électrochimie, feminine
électronique, feminine
élimination, feminine
éloquence, feminine
élégie, feminine
éléphante, feminine
émancipation, feminine
émeraude, feminine
émission, feminine
énergétique, feminine
énigme, masculine
épargne, feminine
épaule, feminine
épice, feminine
épicerie, feminine
épigraphe, masculine
épingle, feminine
éponge, feminine
épopée, feminine
époque, feminine
épouse, feminine
épreuve, feminine
épée, feminine
équanimité, feminine
équation, feminine
équité, feminine
éraflure, feminine
éructation, feminine
éternité, feminine
étincelle, feminine
étoile, feminine
étroitesse, feminine
étymologie, feminine
évaluation, feminine
évasion, feminine
évolution, feminine
île, feminine
œcologie, feminine
œconomie, feminine
œcuménicité, feminine
œcuméniste, masculine
œnomancie, feminine
œnomanie, feminine
tilleul, masculine
timbre, masculine
tiroir, masculine
tissu, masculine
titre, masculine
toast, masculine
tomber, masculine
ton, masculine
tonnerre, masculine
tort, masculine
total, masculine
toucher, masculine
tourbillon, masculine
tourisme, masculine
tournevis, masculine
trac, masculine
traducteur, masculine
trafic, masculine
traicté, masculine
traumatologue, feminine
travail, masculine
tremplin, masculine
tres, masculine
triangle, masculine
tribalisme, masculine
trilobite, masculine
trimaran, masculine
troll, masculine
trombone, masculine
tropique, masculine
trottoir, masculine
troupeau, masculine
trésor, masculine
trésorier, masculine
trésorière, feminine
trône, masculine
tsunami, masculine
tulle, masculine
tunnel, masculine
tutu, masculine
tuyau, masculine
tæniadé, masculine
boug, masculine
bouge, masculine
bouillonnement, masculine
boulanger, masculine
bouleau, masculine
bouledogue, masculine
boulet, masculine
boulevard, masculine
bouleversement, masculine
boulghour, masculine
boulodrome, masculine
boulon, masculine
boulot, masculine
boum, feminine
bouquet, masculine
bouquetin, masculine
bouquin, masculine
bourdonnement, masculine
bourgeois, masculine
bourguignon, masculine
bourlingueur, masculine
bourreau, masculine
boursicotage, masculine
bouturage, masculine
bouvreuil, masculine
boxer, masculine
boxeur, masculine
boyau, masculine
boycott, masculine
boycottage, masculine
bracelet, masculine
capuche, feminine
capucine, feminine
carabine, feminine
caractérologie, feminine
carafe, feminine
caramélisation, feminine
carantanie, feminine
carapace, feminine
caravane, feminine
carboneutralité, feminine
carcasse, feminine
carcinogénicité, feminine
cardamome, masculine
cardiologie, feminine
carélienne, feminine
carence, feminine
caresse, feminine
cargaison, feminine
caricature, feminine
carie, feminine
carine, feminine
carinthie, feminine
carinthienne, feminine
carla, feminine
carmen, feminine
carnation, feminine
carne, feminine
carniole, feminine
caro, feminine
carole, feminine
caroline, feminine
carpates, feminine
carpe, masculine
carrosserie, feminine
carrure, feminine
œsophagite, feminine
œsophagotomie, feminine
œstrone, feminine
œuvre, masculine
tæniasis, masculine
tænicide, masculine
tænifuge, masculine
tænioïde, masculine
télégramme, masculine
téléphoneur, masculine
témoignage, masculine
un, masculine
unbiunium, masculine
uræi, masculine
uræus, masculine
urèthre, masculine
ut, masculine
vaccin, masculine
vagin, masculine
vainqueur, masculine
vandalisme, masculine
vautour, masculine
veau, masculine
vecteur, masculine
vent, masculine
ventre, masculine
verbatim, masculine
verbe, masculine
verdict, masculine
verre, masculine
verrou, masculine
vert, masculine
vieillissement, masculine
vilain, masculine
village, masculine
vin, masculine
vingt, masculine
violon, masculine
virelangue, masculine
volcan, masculine
voleur, masculine
voltage, masculine
vomisseur, masculine
voyageur, masculine
voyou, masculine
vulgaire, masculine
vécu, masculine
végétal, masculine
véhicule, masculine
vélo, masculine
vénézuéla, masculine
vœu, masculine
wagon, masculine
wallon, masculine
warrant, masculine
weekend, masculine
whig, masculine
xylophone, masculine
yack, masculine
yaourt, masculine
yatagan, masculine
yen, masculine
youpin, masculine
yucca, masculine
zeste, masculine
zloty, masculine
zodiaque, masculine
zoo, masculine
zèle, masculine
braconnage, masculine
braconnier, masculine
bradype, masculine
brahmanisme, masculine
brancard, masculine
brancardier, masculine
branchage, masculine
branchement, masculine
brandebourg, masculine
branle, masculine
braque, feminine
bras, masculine
brasero, masculine
brassard, masculine
brasseur, masculine
brassinostéroïde, masculine
bredouillage, masculine
brésil, masculine
brésilien, masculine
breton, masculine
brevet, masculine
bréviaire, masculine
brexit, masculine
briard, masculine
brice, masculine
bricolage, masculine
bricoleur, masculine
brics, masculine
briefing, masculine
brigadier, masculine
brigand, masculine
brillant, masculine
brin, masculine
briquet, masculine
brocart, masculine
brochet, masculine
brocoli, masculine
brodeur, masculine
brome, masculine
bronchite, feminine
bronzage, masculine
bronze, masculine
brouillon, masculine
broyeur, masculine
bruges, masculine
brugnon, masculine
brûlage, masculine
brumaire, masculine
brun, masculine
brunei, masculine
bruno, masculine
brushing, masculine
brutal, masculine
bruxellois, masculine
bruxisme, masculine
bucéphale, masculine
budapest, feminine
budget, masculine
buffet, masculine
carthaginoise, feminine
cartographie, feminine
cascade, feminine
cascadeuse, feminine
case, feminine
caséine, feminine
caserne, feminine
casquette, feminine
cassandre, feminine
cassation, feminine
casserole, feminine
cassette, feminine
castillane, feminine
castille, feminine
castonguette, feminine
casuiste, masculine
casuistique, feminine
catacombe, feminine
catalogne, feminine
catalyse, feminine
catanaise, feminine
cataphorèse, feminine
cataplexie, feminine
catapulte, feminine
cataracte, feminine
catéchèse, feminine
catégorisation, feminine
cathédrale, feminine
catherine, feminine
cathode, feminine
cause, feminine
caution, feminine
caverne, feminine
cavitation, feminine
cayenne, masculine
cécilia, feminine
cédule, feminine
cee, feminine
célèbes, feminine
célérité, feminine
célestine, feminine
célia, feminine
céline, feminine
cellophane, masculine
cellulite, feminine
cellulose, feminine
zébrule, masculine
zéro, masculine
æsculine, masculine
ébahissement, masculine
ébarboir, masculine
ébat, masculine
ébattement, masculine
ébauché, masculine
écart, masculine
échantillon, masculine
échauffement, masculine
écho, masculine
écoulement, masculine
écran, masculine
écrivain, masculine
écu, masculine
écueil, masculine
écureuil, masculine
écusson, masculine
écuyer, masculine
édredon, masculine
élevage, masculine
élitisme, masculine
éléphant, masculine
éléphanteau, masculine
émail, masculine
émancipateur, masculine
émulateur, masculine
énoncé, masculine
éon, masculine
épicier, masculine
épinard, masculine
époux, masculine
équateur, masculine
équin, masculine
équinoxe, masculine
équipage, masculine
érable, masculine
ésophage, masculine
établissement, masculine
étain, masculine
éternuement, masculine
étui, masculine
été, masculine
événement, masculine
être, masculine
œcuménisme, masculine
buffle, masculine
bug, masculine
buis, masculine
buisson, masculine
bulbul, masculine
bulldozer, masculine
bulletin, masculine
bund, masculine
bunker, masculine
bureaucrate, masculine
burin, masculine
burundi, masculine
bus, feminine
businessman, masculine
buste, masculine
butadiène, masculine
butane, masculine
butin, feminine
butoir, masculine
butyrate, masculine
buvard, masculine
buveur, masculine
byzantinisme, masculine
cabaret, masculine
cabillaud, masculine
cabinet, masculine
câble, masculine
cabot, masculine
cabotage, masculine
cabotin, masculine
cabriolet, masculine
caca, masculine
cacaoyer, masculine
cacatoès, masculine
cachemire, masculine
cachet, masculine
cactus, masculine
cadastre, masculine
cadenas, masculine
cadmium, masculine
cendrillon, feminine
cenne, feminine
cénobie, feminine
censure, feminine
centaine, feminine
centrale, feminine
centralisation, feminine
centrifugeuse, feminine
céphalée, feminine
céphalosporine, feminine
céramique, feminine
cercopithèque, masculine
cerise, feminine
certitude, feminine
cervelle, feminine
césarée, feminine
césarienne, feminine
cessation, feminine
cesse, feminine
cession, feminine
cétirizine, feminine
cétose, feminine
cévennes, feminine
chaetophobie, feminine
chahada, feminine
chaire, feminine
chaise, feminine
chakchouka, feminine
chaleur, feminine
chaloupe, feminine
chamelle, feminine
champagne, masculine
championne, feminine
chandelle, feminine
chanson, feminine
chansonnette, feminine
chantal, feminine
chanterelle, feminine
chanteuse, feminine
chapati, masculine
chapelloise, feminine
charade, feminine
charlatanerie, feminine
charlène, feminine
charlotte, feminine
charnière, feminine
charogne, feminine
argentière, feminine
argentite, feminine
argenture, feminine
argilane, feminine
argilière, feminine
argotière, feminine
argotologie, feminine
argouse, feminine
argumentateuse, feminine
argutie, feminine
argyrie, feminine
argyrite, feminine
argyrolobe, feminine
argyronète, feminine
argyrose, feminine
aria, feminine
ariane, feminine
ariège, feminine
ancymidole, masculine
andante, masculine
andin, masculine
andocide, masculine
andouiller, masculine
androcée, masculine
androgénisme, masculine
œdème, masculine
œil, masculine
œiller, masculine
œillet, masculine
œnolisme, masculine
caféier, masculine
charpente, feminine
charpenterie, feminine
charrette, feminine
charrue, feminine
chartreuse, feminine
chasse, feminine
ariette, feminine
aristodémocratie, feminine
aristoloche, feminine
arithméticienne, feminine
arithmétisation, feminine
arithmologie, feminine
arithmomanie, feminine
arize, feminine
arkose, feminine
arlequinade, feminine
arlequine, feminine
arles, masculine
arlésienne, feminine
armada, feminine
armadille, feminine
armandine, feminine
armanet, masculine
armatrice, feminine
armeline, feminine
armengaud, masculine
armentières, feminine
armeuse, feminine
armoiries, feminine
armorique, feminine
armurerie, feminine
armurière, feminine
arnaqueuse, feminine
arnica, feminine
arnoux, masculine
arobase, feminine
arobe, feminine
aroïdée, feminine
aromaticité, feminine
aromatophore, masculine
aronde, feminine
arpajon, feminine
arpavon, feminine
anéantissement, masculine
anecdotier, masculine
anécique, masculine
aneigissage, masculine
anémographe, masculine
anéroïde, masculine
anesthésiant, masculine
anesthésiologiste, masculine
anévrysme, masculine
anfos, masculine
angelet, masculine
angelin, masculine
angélisme, masculine
angelot, masculine
angelus, masculine
angers, masculine
angevin, masculine
angiome, masculine
angledozer, masculine
anglet, masculine
anglicisant, masculine
anglonormand, masculine
anglosaxon, masculine
angon, masculine
stomatologue, masculine
stool, masculine
storiste, masculine
strottner, masculine
structuraliste, masculine
styliste, masculine
substantialiste, masculine
sudiste, masculine
suédophone, masculine
suicidaire, masculine
suiviste, masculine
sunnite, masculine
superbe, masculine
supercentenaire, masculine
suprémaciste, masculine
surendetté, masculine
survivaliste, masculine
symboliste, masculine
symphoniste, masculine
syphiligraphe, masculine
syphilographe, masculine
szlamowicz, masculine
taborite, masculine
tachiste, masculine
tachygraphe, masculine
tagliaferro, masculine
taillable, masculine
taillefer, masculine
talmudiste, masculine
tambourinaire, masculine
tankiste, masculine
taôiste, masculine
targumiste, masculine
tartare, masculine
tatare, masculine
taufik, masculine
tautologue, masculine
taxinomiste, masculine
taxonomiste, masculine
tchécophone, masculine
tchécoslovaque, masculine
tchétchène, masculine
arpenteuse, feminine
arquebusade, feminine
arquebusier, feminine
arracache, feminine
arracheuse, feminine
arrhes, feminine
arriération, feminine
arrimeuse, feminine
arrobe, feminine
arroche, feminine
arrondissage, feminine
arroseuse, feminine
arrouet, masculine
arruda, masculine
arsénobétaïne, feminine
arsinoé, feminine
artémis, feminine
artémise, feminine
artére, feminine
artériectomie, feminine
artériographie, feminine
artériole, feminine
artériotomie, feminine
artérite, feminine
artésienne, feminine
arthabaska, feminine
arthralgie, feminine
arthrodie, feminine
arthrographie, feminine
arthrologie, feminine
arthropathie, feminine
arthroplastie, feminine
arthroscopie, feminine
artichautière, feminine
artichonade, feminine
artificialisation, feminine
artificialité, feminine
angor, masculine
angostura, masculine
angoumois, masculine
angstroem, masculine
angstrœm, masculine
ångström, masculine
anguillan, masculine
angusticlave, masculine
angustura, masculine
anguthimri, masculine
anhydride, masculine
ani, masculine
ânier, masculine
anilisme, masculine
animalcule, masculine
animalier, masculine
animalisme, masculine
animé, masculine
anion, masculine
anjou, masculine
ânkh, masculine
ankylostome, masculine
annaliste, masculine
annam, masculine
annécien, masculine
annecy, masculine
annelet, masculine
annélide, masculine
annélidé, masculine
annexionnisme, masculine
annihilateur, masculine
anniv, masculine
annonceur, masculine
annonciateur, masculine
annoncier, masculine
annone, masculine
annotateur, masculine
annuité, masculine
annulène, masculine
anoblissement, masculine
anodonte, masculine
anomère, masculine
ânon, masculine
ânonnement, masculine
anonyme, masculine
anophèle, masculine
technocrate, masculine
technologiste, masculine
technologue, masculine
technophile, masculine
teenager, masculine
tégestophile, masculine
télégraphiste, masculine
télépathe, masculine
téléphoniste, masculine
télévangéliste, masculine
télexiste, masculine
tératologiste, masculine
terministe, masculine
terminologue, masculine
terreplatiste, masculine
terroriste, masculine
thaborite, masculine
théiste, masculine
théosophe, masculine
thérapeute, masculine
thérapiste, masculine
thibault, masculine
thomiste, masculine
thoulouse, masculine
thoulouze, masculine
tibétologue, masculine
tintinophile, masculine
titulaire, masculine
tokyote, masculine
topographe, masculine
topologue, masculine
torreilles, masculine
tortionnaire, masculine
toulou, masculine
toulouse, masculine
toulouze, masculine
touriste, masculine
tournay, masculine
tox, masculine
toxico, masculine
toxicologue, masculine
tractoriste, masculine
traditionaliste, masculine
traductologue, masculine
trampoliniste, masculine
trans, masculine
transfuge, masculine
transitaire, masculine
trapéziste, masculine
traumatologiste, masculine
travailliste, masculine
treillagiste, masculine
tremblay, masculine
trentenaire, masculine
tribuniste, masculine
tributaire, masculine
trichromate, masculine
tricycliste, masculine
trinitaire, masculine
tritagoniste, masculine
troglodyte, masculine
tromboniste, masculine
trompettiste, masculine
trotskiste, masculine
trotskyste, masculine
truquiste, masculine
artisane, feminine
aryanisation, feminine
aryanité, feminine
arym, feminine
aryosophie, feminine
asbestose, feminine
asbl, feminine
asboline, feminine
asc, feminine
ascaridiase, feminine
ascaridiose, feminine
ascidie, feminine
ascite, feminine
aséité, feminine
asepsie, feminine
aseptisation, feminine
anp, masculine
anselme, masculine
anspect, masculine
antalgique, masculine
antaphrodisiaque, masculine
antécédent, masculine
antécesseur, masculine
antédiluvien, masculine
anthanthrène, masculine
anthémis, masculine
anthémol, masculine
anthérozoïde, masculine
anthonome, masculine
anthraquinone, masculine
anthrax, masculine
anthropomagnétisme, masculine
anthroponyme, masculine
tsigane, masculine
tubiste, masculine
tulliste, masculine
turcologue, masculine
turcophone, masculine
turfiste, masculine
turkmène, masculine
twitto, masculine
typographe, masculine
tyrrhène, masculine
tzeltal, masculine
tzigane, masculine
tzotzil, masculine
ufologue, masculine
ukrainophone, masculine
ultra, masculine
ultragauche, masculine
ultragauchiste, masculine
unanimiste, masculine
uniate, masculine
unibrassiste, masculine
unicycliste, masculine
unijambiste, masculine
universaliste, masculine
universitaire, masculine
uraniste, masculine
urbaniste, masculine
urgentiste, masculine
urgentologue, masculine
urologiste, masculine
urologue, masculine
urophile, masculine
utopiste, masculine
vacataire, masculine
vaccinologue, masculine
valaque, masculine
vandale, masculine
vaudevilliste, masculine
végé, masculine
véliplanchiste, masculine
vélociste, masculine
ventriloque, masculine
vériste, masculine
vestiaire, masculine
vétérinaire, masculine
veto, masculine
véto, masculine
vexillologue, masculine
vibraphoniste, masculine
vichyste, masculine
vidéaste, masculine
vignettiste, masculine
viking, masculine
vingtenaire, masculine
vinophile, masculine
violiste, masculine
violoncelliste, masculine
violoniste, masculine
vioulac, masculine
virologiste, masculine
virologue, masculine
virtuose, masculine
visagiste, masculine
visionnaire, masculine
vitaliste, masculine
vitrailliste, masculine
vj, masculine
vocaliste, masculine
volcanologue, masculine
volontaire, masculine
vonckiste, masculine
voyagiste, masculine
vulcanologue, masculine
wagnerolâtre, masculine
wahhabite, masculine
wallophone, masculine
châsse, feminine
châtaigne, feminine
chatte, feminine
chaude, feminine
chaudière, feminine
chaumière, feminine
chaumine, feminine
cheimatophobie, feminine
chennai, feminine
chercheuse, feminine
chère, feminine
chermoula, feminine
chérophobie, feminine
cherté, feminine
chevêche, feminine
chevelure, feminine
chicorée, feminine
chienne, feminine
chiffonnade, masculine
chilienne, feminine
chimère, feminine
chimio, feminine
chimiotaxie, feminine
cagliari, masculine
cahot, masculine
caïman, masculine
caïn, masculine
caire, masculine
caissier, masculine
cajou, masculine
calabrais, masculine
calage, masculine
calamar, masculine
calao, masculine
calcaire, masculine
calcium, masculine
calcul, masculine
caleçon, masculine
calédonien, masculine
calembour, masculine
calepin, masculine
calibrage, masculine
calibre, masculine
calice, masculine
califat, masculine
calife, masculine
californien, masculine
californium, masculine
calixte, feminine
calligramme, masculine
calomel, masculine
calomniateur, masculine
calorifère, masculine
calque, masculine
calvaire, masculine
calvinisme, masculine
cambiste, masculine
cambodge, masculine
cambodgien, masculine
cambriolage, masculine
cambrioleur, masculine
œnologiste, masculine
œsophage, masculine
œsophagisme, masculine
œstradiol, masculine
œstriol, masculine
œstrogène, masculine
œstrus, masculine
œuf, masculine
chine, feminine
chinoise, feminine
chinoiserie, feminine
chiotte, feminine
chitine, feminine
chlamydospore, feminine
chloé, feminine
chloramine, feminine
chlorhexidine, feminine
chlorophylle, feminine
chloroquine, feminine
chlortétracycline, feminine
cholécystokinine, feminine
choline, feminine
chorégraphie, feminine
chorophobie, feminine
chosification, feminine
chouchanik, feminine
choucroute, feminine
chrétienne, feminine
chrétienté, feminine
christel, masculine
christelle, feminine
christiane, feminine
christianisation, feminine
christine, feminine
christologie, masculine
chromatographie, feminine
chromatophore, masculine
chromosphère, feminine
chrysoprase, feminine
chypre, feminine
cible, feminine
cicatrice, feminine
cicatrisation, feminine
cigale, feminine
cigarette, feminine
cigogne, feminine
cilicie, feminine
cime, masculine
cinémathèque, feminine
cinématique, feminine
cinématographie, feminine
cinétique, feminine
cinétose, feminine
cinquantaine, feminine
circonscription, feminine
circonspection, feminine
circulation, feminine
cire, feminine
cirrhose, feminine
camée, masculine
caméléopard, masculine
camélopard, masculine
caméraman, masculine
cameroun, masculine
camerounais, masculine
camille, feminine
camionneur, masculine
camouflage, masculine
camouflet, masculine
campanien, masculine
campanile, masculine
campement, masculine
campeur, masculine
canada, masculine
canadien, masculine
canal, masculine
canapé, masculine
canari, masculine
canarien, masculine
canasson, masculine
cancan, masculine
cancérigène, masculine
cancérogène, masculine
cancre, masculine
cancrelat, masculine
candidat, masculine
caneton, masculine
canidés, masculine
cannabis, masculine
cannelier, masculine
cannibalisme, masculine
canoë, masculine
canon, masculine
cañon, masculine
canot, masculine
canotage, masculine
cantaloup, masculine
cantique, masculine
canton, feminine
cantonais, masculine
cantonnier, masculine
canyon, masculine
caoutchouc, masculine
cap, masculine
capharnaüm, masculine
capillaire, masculine
cissoïde, feminine
cité, feminine
citerne, feminine
citoyenne, feminine
citoyenneté, feminine
citronnade, feminine
citronnelle, feminine
cive, feminine
civière, feminine
civilité, feminine
claire, feminine
clairière, feminine
clairon, masculine
clameur, feminine
claque, masculine
claquette, feminine
clara, feminine
clarinette, feminine
clarisse, feminine
classe, feminine
claudette, feminine
claudia, feminine
claudie, feminine
claudine, feminine
clause, feminine
claustrophobie, feminine
clavicule, feminine
clélia, feminine
clémentine, feminine
cléopâtre, feminine
cleptomanie, feminine
clientèle, feminine
climatisation, feminine
climatologie, feminine
clio, feminine
cliométrie, feminine
clique, feminine
clitoridectomie, feminine
clocharde, feminine
cloche, feminine
clochette, feminine
clœlia, feminine
clope, masculine
cloque, feminine
clothilde, feminine
clotilde, feminine
clôture, feminine
clystérophilie, feminine
coaction, feminine
coagulation, feminine
coagulopathie, feminine
capital, masculine
capitule, masculine
caporal, masculine
capot, masculine
capotage, masculine
capouan, masculine
cappadocien, masculine
caprice, masculine
capsulage, masculine
capuchon, masculine
capucin, masculine
carabe, masculine
carabinier, masculine
caracal, masculine
carambolage, masculine
carbène, masculine
carbonate, masculine
carburant, masculine
carburateur, masculine
carbure, masculine
carcajou, masculine
carême, masculine
cari, masculine
caribou, masculine
carinthien, masculine
carlin, feminine
carnage, masculine
carnaval, masculine
carnet, masculine
carnisme, masculine
carnivore, masculine
carotène, masculine
caroténoïde, masculine
carpelle, masculine
carquois, masculine
carré, masculine
carreau, masculine
carrefour, masculine
carrosse, masculine
cartable, masculine
cartel, masculine
cartésianisme, masculine
carthaginois, masculine
carton, masculine
cartouche, feminine
cas, masculine
casanier, masculine
cascadeur, masculine
casimir, masculine
casino, masculine
anthropopithèque, masculine
anthropotoponyme, masculine
anthyllide, masculine
antiacide, masculine
antiagrégant, masculine
antialcoolisme, masculine
antiallergique, masculine
antiaméricain, masculine
antiandrogène, masculine
antiaphrodisiaque, masculine
antiaphroditique, masculine
antiapoplectique, masculine
asfc, masculine
asialie, feminine
asiarchie, feminine
asm, feminine
asn, masculine
asociabilité, feminine
asparagine, feminine
asperger, masculine
aspergille, feminine
aspergillose, feminine
aspérité, feminine
watteau, masculine
wikipédiste, masculine
xénophobe, masculine
xiongnu, masculine
xylologue, masculine
xylopentaxophile, masculine
xylophoniste, masculine
yaude, masculine
yéménite, masculine
yéniche, masculine
yéyé, masculine
yiddishophone, masculine
yogiste, masculine
yoguiste, masculine
yorgantz, masculine
yougoslave, masculine
youkou, masculine
youtre, masculine
zadiste, masculine
zahliote, masculine
zapatiste, masculine
zapotèque, masculine
zarabe, masculine
zarbiste, masculine
zarmaphone, masculine
zaydiste, masculine
zaydite, masculine
zétète, masculine
zicos, masculine
zikri, masculine
zimmerwaldiste, masculine
zincographe, masculine
zingari, masculine
zingaro, masculine
zinneke, masculine
zinoviéviste, masculine
zoanthrope, masculine
zoogéographe, masculine
zoographe, masculine
zoogymnaste, masculine
zoologiste, masculine
zoologue, masculine
zoophile, masculine
zoophytographe, masculine
zoopsychologue, masculine
zoothérapeute, masculine
zoreille, masculine
zutiste, masculine
zythologue, masculine
coalition, feminine
cocaïne, feminine
cocarde, feminine
cocaution, feminine
coccinelle, feminine
cochonnerie, feminine
cocotte, feminine
codéine, feminine
codification, feminine
cassien, masculine
cassis, masculine
castillan, masculine
castor, masculine
antiarine, masculine
antiatome, masculine
antibactérien, masculine
antibois, masculine
antibolchevisme, masculine
antibolchévisme, masculine
antibrouillage, masculine
anticapitalisme, masculine
anticatalanisme, masculine
anticatalyseur, masculine
anticathode, masculine
anticlinal, masculine
anticolonialisme, masculine
anticommunautarisme, masculine
anticorpuscule, masculine
anticrénelage, masculine
antidouleur, masculine
antiélectron, masculine
antiémétique, masculine
antiesclavagisme, masculine
antifédéralisme, masculine
antiferromagnétisme, masculine
antifongique, masculine
antigel, masculine
antigiscardisme, masculine
antihélium, masculine
antihéros, masculine
antihistaminique, masculine
antihydrogène, masculine
antihypéron, masculine
antihypertenseur, masculine
antihypertensif, masculine
antijeu, masculine
antijudaïsme, masculine
antimalarique, masculine
antimarxisme, masculine
antiméridien, masculine
antimicrobien, masculine
antimite, masculine
antimitotique, masculine
antimoniure, masculine
antimoussant, masculine
antimousse, masculine
antinaupathique, masculine
antineutron, masculine
antinoyau, masculine
antinucléon, masculine
antioccidentalisme, masculine
antiochien, masculine
antiochos, masculine
aspersion, feminine
aspérule, feminine
aspie, feminine
assassine, feminine
assedic, feminine
assembleuse, feminine
asservisseuse, feminine
assesseuse, feminine
assette, feminine
assibilation, feminine
assida, feminine
assignation, feminine
associativité, feminine
assommeuse, feminine
assonance, feminine
assortativité, feminine
assouline, masculine
assuétude, feminine
assureuse, feminine
assurfinance, feminine
astaciculture, feminine
astasie, feminine
astéréognosie, feminine
astérolide, feminine
astérosismologie, feminine
astragalectomie, feminine
astreinte, feminine
astringence, feminine
antipaludéen, masculine
antipaludique, masculine
antipape, masculine
antiparallélogramme, masculine
antiparasite, masculine
antiparlementarisme, masculine
antipatriotisme, masculine
antipharmaque, masculine
antiphon, masculine
antipodagrique, masculine
antipodisme, masculine
antipoison, masculine
antipoutinien, masculine
antipoutinisme, masculine
antiproton, masculine
antiquark, masculine
antiquisant, masculine
antiradicalaire, masculine
antirévisionnisme, masculine
antiripage, masculine
antiscorbutique, masculine
antisens, masculine
antispasmodique, masculine
antist, masculine
antistalinien, masculine
antistalinisme, masculine
antisthène, masculine
antisudorifique, masculine
antitau, masculine
antitauon, masculine
antiterrorisme, masculine
antitsiganisme, masculine
antitussif, masculine
antitziganisme, masculine
antonymie, masculine
antrustion, masculine
anubis, masculine
anulingus, masculine
anusvara, masculine
aor, masculine
aoriste, masculine
aostois, masculine
aoudad, masculine
aoust, masculine
aoutat, masculine
aoûtat, masculine
aoûtement, masculine
aoûtien, masculine
astroarchéologie, feminine
astrobiologie, feminine
astrogéologie, feminine
astrolâtrie, feminine
astrométrie, feminine
astromobile, masculine
astroparticule, feminine
astrophysicienne, feminine
astrosismologie, feminine
astrosphère, feminine
asymétrie, feminine
asynergie, feminine
asystolie, feminine
ath, feminine
athéna, feminine
athènes, feminine
athétose, feminine
athrepsie, feminine
athymie, feminine
atimie, feminine
atlantide, feminine
atmidomètre, feminine
atmomètre, feminine
atomicité, feminine
atomisation, feminine
atonie, feminine
atrabile, feminine
atrésie, feminine
atsuko, feminine
attal, masculine
attalie, feminine
attaquante, feminine
atteleuse, feminine
attelle, feminine
attenance, feminine
apaméen, masculine
aparté, masculine
apartement, masculine
apax, masculine
apeiron, masculine
apens, masculine
aperceveur, masculine
apériteur, masculine
aphaniptère, masculine
aphicide, masculine
aphidien, masculine
atténuation, feminine
attractivité, feminine
attrapade, feminine
attrape, feminine
attrition, feminine
atypie, feminine
aubade, feminine
aubaine, feminine
aubette, feminine
aucunoise, feminine
castrat, masculine
casuel, masculine
catabolisme, masculine
catalyseur, masculine
catamaran, masculine
catanais, masculine
catarrhe, masculine
catastrophisme, masculine
catéchisme, masculine
caténane, masculine
caucase, masculine
cautionnement, masculine
cavalier, masculine
caviar, masculine
cd, masculine
cébouano, masculine
cebuano, masculine
cédrat, masculine
cèdre, masculine
cédric, masculine
cédron, masculine
céfamandole, masculine
céladon, masculine
célécoxib, masculine
céleste, feminine
célestin, masculine
célibat, masculine
celluloïd, masculine
cendrier, masculine
cénotaphe, masculine
cénozoïque, masculine
cens, masculine
centaure, masculine
codominance, feminine
coemption, feminine
coenzyme, masculine
coéquipière, feminine
cogénération, feminine
cogérance, feminine
cognée, feminine
cohabitation, feminine
cohérence, feminine
cohorte, feminine
cohue, feminine
coiffeuse, feminine
coïncidence, feminine
coke, masculine
colectomie, feminine
colérique, masculine
colette, feminine
coline, feminine
colique, feminine
colite, feminine
collaboration, feminine
collaboratrice, feminine
colle, feminine
collecte, feminine
collectivisation, feminine
colline, feminine
collision, feminine
colombe, feminine
colombienne, feminine
colonelle, feminine
centième, feminine
centigramme, masculine
centile, masculine
centime, masculine
centimètre, masculine
centipède, masculine
central, masculine
centuple, masculine
centurion, masculine
cep, masculine
cépage, masculine
céphas, masculine
cerbère, masculine
cercle, masculine
cerfeuil, masculine
cerisier, masculine
cérium, masculine
certificat, masculine
cérumen, masculine
cerveau, masculine
cervelet, masculine
césaire, masculine
césar, masculine
césarion, masculine
cétacé, masculine
ceylan, masculine
chabbat, masculine
chacal, masculine
chador, masculine
chagrin, masculine
chah, masculine
chaland, masculine
châle, masculine
chalet, masculine
challenge, masculine
chalumeau, masculine
chaman, masculine
chamanisme, masculine
chameau, masculine
chamois, masculine
champion, masculine
championnat, masculine
chancelier, masculine
chanceux, masculine
chancre, masculine
chandail, masculine
chandelier, masculine
change, masculine
colonnette, feminine
colonoscopie, feminine
colophane, feminine
coloration, feminine
colorature, feminine
colorimétrie, feminine
coloscopie, feminine
colostomie, feminine
columelle, feminine
combinaison, feminine
combine, feminine
comète, feminine
comique, masculine
comitologie, feminine
commande, feminine
commandite, feminine
commandité, masculine
commémoration, feminine
commensuration, feminine
commentatrice, feminine
commercialisation, feminine
commère, feminine
commission, feminine
commotion, feminine
communion, feminine
comores, feminine
compagne, feminine
compagnie, feminine
comparaison, feminine
comparution, feminine
compatibilité, feminine
compétitivité, feminine
compilation, feminine
complainte, feminine
complaisance, feminine
complémentarité, feminine
composante, feminine
composition, feminine
compositrice, feminine
compote, feminine
compresse, feminine
comptabilisation, feminine
comptabilité, feminine
comptine, feminine
comtesse, feminine
concavité, feminine
concentration, feminine
concertation, feminine
conchyliologie, feminine
changement, masculine
chansonnier, masculine
chant, masculine
chantage, masculine
chanteur, masculine
chantier, masculine
chaos, masculine
chapelier, masculine
chapiteau, masculine
chapitre, masculine
chapon, masculine
char, masculine
charabia, masculine
charbel, masculine
charbon, masculine
charbonnier, masculine
chardon, masculine
chardonneret, masculine
chargement, masculine
chargeur, masculine
chariot, masculine
charisme, masculine
charlatan, masculine
charlatanisme, masculine
charlemagne, masculine
charles, masculine
charmeur, masculine
charnier, masculine
charognard, masculine
charpentier, masculine
chartreux, masculine
charybde, feminine
chasmophyte, masculine
châtaignier, masculine
châtain, masculine
châtiment, masculine
chatterton, masculine
chaud, masculine
chaudron, masculine
chaudronnier, masculine
chauffage, masculine
chaume, masculine
chausseur, masculine
chausson, masculine
chauvin, masculine
concision, feminine
conclusion, feminine
concordance, feminine
concrétion, feminine
concrétisation, feminine
concupiscence, feminine
concurrence, feminine
concurrente, feminine
concussion, feminine
condamnation, feminine
condensation, feminine
condescendance, feminine
conductrice, feminine
conduite, feminine
confection, feminine
conférence, feminine
confesse, feminine
confession, feminine
confidentialité, feminine
configuration, feminine
confiscation, feminine
confiserie, feminine
conflagration, feminine
conformité, feminine
confrérie, feminine
confusion, feminine
congestion, feminine
congrégation, feminine
conique, masculine
conjecture, feminine
conjonction, feminine
conjonctive, feminine
conjonctivite, feminine
conjoncture, feminine
connaisseuse, feminine
conne, feminine
connectivité, feminine
conquête, feminine
conscription, feminine
consécration, feminine
conservation, feminine
conserve, feminine
conserverie, feminine
consigne, feminine
consistance, feminine
consolation, feminine
consolatrice, feminine
console, feminine
consolidation, feminine
consommatrice, feminine
consonance, feminine
consonne, feminine
conspiration, feminine
constance, feminine
cheminement, masculine
cheminot, masculine
chemisier, masculine
chemsex, masculine
chenapan, masculine
cheptel, masculine
constantine, feminine
constantinople, masculine
constatation, feminine
constellation, feminine
consternation, feminine
constipation, feminine
construction, feminine
constructiviste, masculine
aude, feminine
audiencière, feminine
audierne, feminine
audimutité, feminine
audioconférence, feminine
audiodescription, feminine
audiofréquence, feminine
audioprothèse, feminine
auditrice, feminine
audréane, feminine
audréanne, feminine
audrée, feminine
audureau, masculine
aphronatron, masculine
aphte, masculine
api, masculine
apicomplexé, masculine
apicoplaste, masculine
apicule, masculine
apidé, masculine
apiéceur, masculine
apiol, masculine
apion, masculine
apitoiement, masculine
aplanat, masculine
aplat, masculine
aplatissage, masculine
aplatissement, masculine
aplatisseur, masculine
aplatissoir, masculine
aplomb, masculine
augier, masculine
aulétride, feminine
aulique, feminine
auloue, feminine
aumaille, feminine
aumônerie, feminine
aumônière, feminine
auréomycine, feminine
auricule, feminine
aurification, feminine
aurigny, feminine
auscultation, feminine
aussière, feminine
australasie, feminine
austronésie, feminine
autarchie, feminine
auteuilloise, feminine
autoaccusation, feminine
autoberge, feminine
autocatégorisation, feminine
autocensure, feminine
autochenille, feminine
autochorie, feminine
autocondensation, feminine
autoconsommation, feminine
autocontradiction, feminine
autocopie, feminine
autocorrélation, feminine
autodérision, feminine
aplome, masculine
apn, masculine
apoastre, masculine
apocrite, masculine
apode, masculine
apolitisme, masculine
apollodore, masculine
apologète, masculine
apologiste, masculine
apophtegme, masculine
apophthegme, masculine
apoplasme, masculine
apore, masculine
apostolat, masculine
apostume, masculine
apothème, masculine
apozème, masculine
app, masculine
apparat, masculine
apparatchik, masculine
appareillage, masculine
appareillement, masculine
appareilleur, masculine
apparentement, masculine
appariement, masculine
appariteur, masculine
apparitorat, masculine
appas, masculine
appeau, masculine
appelant, masculine
appentis, masculine
appesantissement, masculine
applaudimètre, masculine
applaudisseur, masculine
applicage, masculine
appoint, masculine
appointemens, masculine
appointement, masculine
autodestruction, feminine
autodétermination, feminine
autodiffusion, feminine
autodiscipline, feminine
autodissolution, feminine
autodualité, feminine
autoduplication, feminine
autoentrepreneuse, feminine
autofellation, feminine
autofiction, feminine
autoformation, feminine
autogestion, feminine
autoglorification, feminine
autographie, feminine
autoharpe, feminine
autoinductance, feminine
autointoxication, feminine
autojustification, feminine
autolimitation, feminine
autolyse, feminine
automaticienne, feminine
automaticité, feminine
automation, feminine
automédication, feminine
automitrailleuse, feminine
automotrice, feminine
automutilation, feminine
autoneige, feminine
autonomisation, feminine
autophoto, feminine
autoplastie, feminine
autopoïèse, feminine
autopompe, feminine
autopromotion, feminine
autopropulsion, feminine
autoprotonisation, feminine
autopublication, feminine
autopunition, feminine
autoradiographie, feminine
autoréférence, feminine
autorégulation, feminine
autosatisfaction, feminine
autoscopie, feminine
autostoppeuse, feminine
autostrade, feminine
autosuffisance, feminine
autovaccination, feminine
appontage, masculine
appontement, masculine
apponteur, masculine
appréciateur, masculine
apprêt, masculine
apprêtage, masculine
apprêtement, masculine
apprêteur, masculine
apprivoiseur, masculine
approfondissement, masculine
appropriateur, masculine
approvisionneur, masculine
apragmatisme, masculine
apriorisme, masculine
aptère, masculine
aptéryx, masculine
apulée, masculine
apurement, masculine
aquacomplexe, masculine
aquaculteur, masculine
aquaplanage, masculine
aquaplaning, masculine
aquaporine, masculine
aquavit, masculine
aquiculteur, masculine
aquifère, masculine
aquilain, masculine
aquilon, masculine
aquitanien, masculine
àquoibonisme, masculine
auxologie, feminine
auxotrophie, feminine
av, feminine
avaleuse, feminine
avaliseuse, feminine
aventurière, feminine
arabinogalactane, masculine
arabisant, masculine
aragon, masculine
aramide, masculine
aramon, masculine
aranéide, masculine
arasement, masculine
araucaria, masculine
arbas, masculine
arbi, masculine
arboretum, masculine
arboriculteur, masculine
arbovirose, masculine
consultation, feminine
contamination, feminine
contemplation, feminine
contestation, feminine
contraception, feminine
contractilité, feminine
contraction, feminine
contradictoire, feminine
contrainte, feminine
contravention, feminine
contrebande, feminine
contrebasse, feminine
contreculture, feminine
contrée, feminine
contrepartie, feminine
contribution, feminine
controffensive, feminine
controverse, feminine
contusion, feminine
conurbation, feminine
convalescence, feminine
convalescente, feminine
convenance, feminine
convention, feminine
convergence, feminine
conversion, feminine
convertibilité, feminine
convertie, feminine
conviction, feminine
convocation, feminine
convoitise, feminine
convulsion, feminine
coopérative, feminine
coordination, feminine
coordonnée, feminine
copenhague, feminine
chèque, masculine
chercheur, masculine
chérubin, masculine
cheveu, masculine
cheveux, masculine
chevreau, masculine
chèvrefeuille, masculine
chevreuil, masculine
chiasme, masculine
chic, masculine
chichi, masculine
chiendent, masculine
chiffonnier, masculine
chiffre, masculine
chiffreur, masculine
chiisme, masculine
chili, masculine
chilien, masculine
chimiotropisme, masculine
chimpanzé, masculine
chinchilla, masculine
chineur, masculine
chinois, masculine
copermutation, feminine
copie, feminine
copine, feminine
copolymérisation, feminine
coprolalie, feminine
copropriété, feminine
coptologie, feminine
coque, feminine
coquecigrue, feminine
coqueluche, feminine
coquette, feminine
coquetterie, feminine
coralie, feminine
coraline, feminine
corbeille, feminine
cordillère, feminine
cordonnière, feminine
corée, feminine
coréenne, feminine
coriandre, feminine
corinne, feminine
corinthienne, feminine
corne, feminine
cornée, feminine
corneille, masculine
cornélie, feminine
cornemuse, feminine
corniche, feminine
cornouailles, feminine
corolle, feminine
coronarographie, feminine
corporalité, feminine
corporation, feminine
corporéité, feminine
correctionnelle, feminine
corrélation, feminine
correspondance, feminine
corrida, feminine
corrosion, feminine
corruption, feminine
corticolibérine, feminine
cortisone, feminine
corvée, feminine
cosmogonie, feminine
cosmographie, feminine
cosmologie, feminine
cosmologue, masculine
cosse, feminine
chipset, masculine
chloramphénicol, masculine
chlorate, masculine
chlore, masculine
chlorhydrate, masculine
chlorobenzène, masculine
chloroforme, masculine
chloroplaste, masculine
chlorprothixène, masculine
chlorure, masculine
choc, masculine
chocolatier, masculine
choix, masculine
choléra, masculine
cholestérol, masculine
chômage, masculine
chomer, masculine
chômeur, masculine
chou, masculine
choucas, masculine
chouchou, masculine
chrême, masculine
chrétien, masculine
christian, masculine
christianisme, masculine
christogramme, masculine
christophe, masculine
christopher, masculine
chromosome, masculine
chroniqueur, masculine
chronomètre, masculine
chronos, masculine
chronotype, masculine
chrysanthème, masculine
chrysobéryl, masculine
chrysostome, masculine
chtokavien, masculine
chuchotement, masculine
chukka, masculine
cicéron, masculine
ciel, masculine
cigare, masculine
cigarillo, masculine
ciment, masculine
cimetière, masculine
cinabre, masculine
ciné, masculine
cinéma, masculine
cinématographe, masculine
cinéol, masculine
côtelette, feminine
coterie, feminine
cotisation, feminine
couardise, feminine
couchette, feminine
couille, feminine
coujavie, feminine
couleur, feminine
couleuvre, feminine
coulrophobie, feminine
coumarine, feminine
coumarone, feminine
coupe, feminine
coupole, feminine
cour, feminine
courante, feminine
courbature, feminine
courbe, feminine
courbure, feminine
courge, feminine
couronne, feminine
courroie, feminine
courtisane, feminine
courtoisie, feminine
coutume, feminine
couture, feminine
couturière, feminine
couvée, feminine
couverture, feminine
couveuse, feminine
covariance, feminine
cracovie, feminine
cracovienne, feminine
craie, feminine
crainte, feminine
crampe, feminine
craniométrie, feminine
crasse, feminine
cravache, feminine
cravate, feminine
créance, feminine
créancière, feminine
créatinine, feminine
créativité, feminine
créature, feminine
crèche, feminine
créditrice, feminine
crémation, feminine
crème, feminine
crémonaise, feminine
crêperie, feminine
crète, feminine
crête, feminine
crétoise, feminine
cretonne, feminine
crevaison, feminine
cinq, masculine
cintre, masculine
circonciseur, masculine
circuit, masculine
circulaire, feminine
cirque, masculine
ciseau, masculine
ciste, feminine
citoyen, masculine
citronnier, masculine
clapet, masculine
claquement, masculine
classement, masculine
classeur, masculine
classicisme, masculine
classique, masculine
classisme, masculine
claude, feminine
clavardage, masculine
clavecin, masculine
clearing, masculine
clément, masculine
clerc, masculine
clergé, masculine
clérical, masculine
cléricalisme, masculine
cliché, masculine
client, masculine
clignotant, masculine
clinfoc, masculine
cliquetis, masculine
clivage, masculine
cloaque, masculine
clœlius, masculine
cloître, masculine
clou, masculine
clovis, masculine
clown, masculine
club, masculine
coagulum, masculine
coaltar, masculine
coassocié, masculine
cobalt, masculine
cobol, masculine
cobourg, masculine
coccyx, masculine
cocher, masculine
cochonnet, masculine
crevette, feminine
crimée, feminine
criméenne, feminine
criminalisation, feminine
criminalistique, feminine
criminalité, feminine
crimination, feminine
criminologie, feminine
crique, feminine
crise, feminine
cockpit, masculine
cocktail, masculine
cocobolo, masculine
cocon, masculine
cocooning, masculine
cocotier, masculine
arbrissel, masculine
arbuscule, masculine
arcadochypriote, masculine
arcane, masculine
arcangues, masculine
arcanson, masculine
arcboutant, masculine
aveyronnaise, feminine
avicultrice, feminine
avionique, feminine
avionnette, feminine
avocette, feminine
avoinée, feminine
avornine, feminine
avorteuse, feminine
avoueuse, feminine
arceau, masculine
archaïsant, masculine
archal, masculine
archanthropien, masculine
archégone, masculine
archélaüs, masculine
archentéron, masculine
archéoastronome, masculine
archéomagnétisme, masculine
archetier, masculine
archiatre, masculine
archichancelier, masculine
archichapelain, masculine
archiduché, masculine
archiloque, masculine
archiphonème, masculine
archiprêtre, masculine
archisuppôt, masculine
architransème, masculine
archivage, masculine
archontat, masculine
archonte, masculine
ardéchois, masculine
ardéiforme, masculine
ardillon, masculine
aréage, masculine
arec, masculine
aréna, masculine
aréomètre, masculine
aréopage, masculine
aréopagite, masculine
aréostyle, masculine
aréquier, masculine
arès, masculine
arêtier, masculine
argan, masculine
argentage, masculine
argentan, masculine
argenteuil, masculine
avulsion, feminine
axiologie, feminine
axiomatisation, feminine
axisymétrie, feminine
axonaise, feminine
axonométrie, feminine
ayako, feminine
ayumi, feminine
azaléine, feminine
azarole, feminine
azerbaïdjanaise, feminine
azérole, feminine
azolla, feminine
azoospermie, feminine
azotémie, feminine
azoturie, feminine
babeluttes, feminine
babésiose, feminine
babiche, feminine
babylonienne, feminine
bacante, feminine
bacchanale, feminine
bachkirie, feminine
bachotte, feminine
bacillose, feminine
bacologie, feminine
bactéridie, feminine
bactériocécidie, feminine
bactériolyse, feminine
bactériolysine, feminine
bactriane, feminine
badauderie, feminine
baderne, feminine
badigeonneuse, feminine
badine, feminine
badinerie, feminine
badoise, feminine
baffe, feminine
baffle, masculine
bafouille, feminine
bafouilleuse, feminine
bâfreuse, feminine
argenteur, masculine
argentier, masculine
argotier, masculine
argotisme, masculine
argoulet, masculine
argousier, masculine
argousin, masculine
argu, masculine
argumentaire, masculine
argumentateur, masculine
argyraspide, masculine
argyride, masculine
argyrisme, masculine
arianisme, masculine
ariégeois, masculine
arien, masculine
arikapú, masculine
arille, masculine
aristarque, masculine
aristée, masculine
aristénète, masculine
aristippe, masculine
aristobule, masculine
aristocratisme, masculine
aristol, masculine
aristophane, masculine
arité, masculine
arithméticien, masculine
arkhangelsk, masculine
arkhanguelsk, masculine
arlequin, masculine
arlon, masculine
armailli, masculine
armançon, masculine
armatole, masculine
arménistan, masculine
armet, masculine
armeur, masculine
armin, masculine
arminianisme, masculine
arminien, masculine
armon, masculine
armoricain, masculine
arn, masculine
bagasse, feminine
bagdad, feminine
bagnarde, feminine
bagosse, feminine
baguenaude, feminine
baguenaudière, feminine
bahaméenne, feminine
bahamienne, feminine
bahloul, masculine
bahreïnie, feminine
baigneuse, feminine
baille, feminine
bailleresse, feminine
bâilleuse, feminine
baïoque, feminine
baise, feminine
baïse, feminine
baiseuse, feminine
baissière, feminine
bajoue, feminine
bakinoise, feminine
baladeuse, feminine
baladodiffusion, feminine
balancelle, feminine
balancine, feminine
balanite, masculine
balanoplastie, feminine
balanoposthite, feminine
balayure, feminine
balazeïkine, masculine
balbutieuse, feminine
balduc, masculine
bale, feminine
arnaqueur, masculine
arno, masculine
arntfield, masculine
aromate, masculine
aromatogramme, masculine
arpègement, masculine
arpent, masculine
arpentage, masculine
arpion, masculine
arpitan, masculine
arr, masculine
arrachage, masculine
arraché, masculine
arrachement, masculine
arracheur, masculine
baleinière, feminine
balestrille, feminine
balèvre, feminine
baliste, masculine
balistite, feminine
balladur, masculine
ballastière, feminine
coefficient, masculine
coéquipier, masculine
cofacteur, masculine
coffret, masculine
cognac, masculine
cognassier, masculine
coiffeur, masculine
coin, masculine
coing, masculine
cointreau, masculine
colargol, masculine
colchique, masculine
coléoptère, masculine
colibri, masculine
colin, masculine
colis, masculine
collaborateur, masculine
collage, masculine
collant, masculine
collatéral, masculine
collectif, masculine
collectionneur, masculine
collectivisme, masculine
collet, masculine
collie, masculine
collier, masculine
collimateur, masculine
colloïde, masculine
colloque, masculine
colomb, masculine
crispation, feminine
croatie, feminine
croisade, feminine
croisée, feminine
croisière, feminine
croissance, feminine
croix, feminine
croquette, feminine
crotte, feminine
croupe, feminine
cruche, feminine
crucifixion, feminine
crudité, feminine
crue, feminine
cryophobie, feminine
cryosphère, feminine
cryothérapie, feminine
cryptobiose, feminine
cryptographie, feminine
cryptologie, feminine
cuba, masculine
cueillette, feminine
cuirasse, feminine
cuisinière, feminine
cuisson, feminine
cujavie, feminine
culasse, feminine
culbute, feminine
culmination, feminine
culotte, feminine
culpabilité, feminine
culture, feminine
cumulation, feminine
cunégonde, feminine
colomban, masculine
colombien, masculine
colon, masculine
côlon, masculine
colonisateur, masculine
colorant, masculine
coloriage, masculine
coloscope, masculine
colosse, masculine
colostrum, masculine
colportage, masculine
colvert, masculine
colza, masculine
com, masculine
coma, masculine
combat, masculine
combattant, masculine
combinat, masculine
combiné, masculine
comble, masculine
côme, masculine
comédien, masculine
comédon, masculine
comestible, masculine
comité, masculine
commandant, masculine
commandement, masculine
commanditaire, masculine
commando, masculine
commensal, masculine
commentaire, masculine
commentateur, masculine
commérage, masculine
commerçant, masculine
commerce, masculine
commissariat, masculine
communautarisme, masculine
communiqué, masculine
communisme, masculine
compagnonnage, masculine
comparatif, masculine
compartiment, masculine
compas, masculine
compilateur, masculine
complément, masculine
complet, masculine
complexe, masculine
complot, masculine
comportement, masculine
comportementalisme, masculine
composant, masculine
composé, masculine
compositeur, masculine
compost, masculine
compresseur, masculine
cupidité, feminine
curation, feminine
curcumine, masculine
cure, feminine
curie, masculine
custode, masculine
cuve, feminine
cuvette, feminine
cyanocobalamine, feminine
cyberattaque, feminine
cyberculture, feminine
cyberguerre, feminine
cyclades, feminine
cyclothymie, feminine
cylindrée, feminine
cymbale, feminine
cynologie, feminine
cynophobie, feminine
cyrénaïque, feminine
cyrène, feminine
cystite, feminine
cytokinine, feminine
cytologie, feminine
cytosine, feminine
cytotoxicité, feminine
dague, feminine
dalmatie, feminine
damasquine, feminine
damiane, feminine
damienne, feminine
damiette, feminine
damnation, feminine
danburite, feminine
danièle, feminine
danielle, feminine
danoise, feminine
danseuse, feminine
daphnée, feminine
dardanelles, feminine
date, masculine
datte, feminine
daube, feminine
débâcle, feminine
débauche, feminine
déborah, feminine
débudgétisation, feminine
débutante, feminine
décapitalisation, feminine
décapitation, feminine
décartellisation, feminine
décharge, feminine
déchéance, feminine
déchirure, feminine
déchristianisation, feminine
comprimé, masculine
compromis, masculine
comte, masculine
comté, masculine
concassage, masculine
concept, masculine
concert, masculine
concierge, masculine
conclave, masculine
concombre, masculine
concordat, masculine
concours, masculine
concret, masculine
concubin, masculine
concubinage, masculine
condamné, masculine
condensateur, masculine
condiment, masculine
condom, masculine
conducteur, masculine
conduit, masculine
cône, masculine
confesseur, masculine
confessionnal, masculine
confins, masculine
confluent, masculine
conformisme, masculine
confort, masculine
confrère, masculine
confucianisme, masculine
confucius, masculine
congé, masculine
congélateur, masculine
congo, masculine
congrès, masculine
conifère, masculine
conjoint, masculine
connaissement, masculine
connaisseur, masculine
connard, masculine
connecteur, masculine
conquérant, masculine
conquistador, masculine
conseil, masculine
consentement, masculine
conservateur, masculine
conservatisme, masculine
conservatoire, masculine
considérant, masculine
consistoire, masculine
consistorial, masculine
consolateur, masculine
consommateur, masculine
consommé, masculine
consortium, masculine
constantan, masculine
constantin, masculine
constat, masculine
constructeur, masculine
constructivisme, masculine
déclinaison, feminine
décoction, feminine
décolonisation, feminine
décomposition, feminine
déconfiture, feminine
déconstruction, feminine
décontextualisation, feminine
décoration, feminine
décoratrice, feminine
déduction, feminine
défaite, feminine
défécation, feminine
défectologie, feminine
défense, feminine
déférence, feminine
défiance, feminine
définition, feminine
déflagration, feminine
déflation, feminine
défloration, feminine
déforestation, feminine
déformation, feminine
déglutition, feminine
dégringolade, feminine
dégustation, feminine
déification, feminine
déité, feminine
délibération, feminine
délicatesse, feminine
délivrance, feminine
déloyauté, feminine
delphine, feminine
démagogie, feminine
démangeaison, feminine
démarcation, feminine
démarche, feminine
démarcheuse, feminine
dématérialisation, feminine
démence, feminine
démilitarisation, feminine
démission, feminine
démobilisation, feminine
démocratie, feminine
démocratisation, feminine
démographie, feminine
démolition, feminine
démonologie, feminine
démonologiste, masculine
démonomanie, feminine
démonophobie, feminine
consul, masculine
consulat, masculine
consultant, masculine
consumérisme, masculine
contacteur, masculine
contaminant, masculine
démoralisation, feminine
dendrochronologie, feminine
dendrologie, feminine
dendrologue, masculine
dendrophobie, feminine
dénégation, feminine
dengue, feminine
denise, feminine
dénivellation, feminine
dénomination, feminine
dénonciation, feminine
denrée, feminine
balleuse, feminine
ballotte, feminine
ballottine, feminine
balloune, feminine
balme, feminine
balnéation, feminine
bâloise, feminine
balourdise, feminine
balsamine, feminine
balzane, feminine
bambine, feminine
bambochade, feminine
arraisonnement, masculine
arrèc, masculine
arrérages, masculine
arrêté, masculine
arrêtoir, masculine
arriéré, masculine
bambocharde, feminine
bamboche, feminine
bambocheuse, feminine
bamboula, masculine
bambouseraie, feminine
banalisation, feminine
bananeraie, feminine
banche, feminine
bandaison, feminine
bandelette, feminine
bandelier, masculine
banderille, feminine
bandoulière, feminine
bandraboua, feminine
bandrele, feminine
banique, feminine
bannalec, feminine
banne, feminine
bannette, feminine
bannique, feminine
banqueteuse, feminine
banquière, feminine
baraduc, masculine
baragouineuse, feminine
baraka, feminine
baraterie, feminine
barbadienne, feminine
barbaque, feminine
arrimage, masculine
arrimeur, masculine
arrivisme, masculine
arrondi, masculine
arrosement, masculine
arroseur, masculine
arroyo, masculine
arrucat, masculine
arséniate, masculine
arsénic, masculine
arsenicage, masculine
arsénicisme, masculine
arsénite, masculine
arséniure, masculine
arsénolidine, masculine
arsénure, masculine
arsépane, masculine
arsépine, masculine
arsétane, masculine
arsète, masculine
arsin, masculine
arsirène, masculine
arsis, masculine
arsphénamine, masculine
artabe, masculine
barbelure, feminine
barbette, feminine
barbiche, feminine
barbichette, feminine
barbière, feminine
barbote, feminine
barboteuse, feminine
barbotière, feminine
barbotine, feminine
barbotte, feminine
barbouilleuse, feminine
barbouzerie, feminine
barbudienne, feminine
barbue, feminine
barbule, feminine
barcarolle, feminine
barcasse, feminine
barcelonnette, feminine
barde, masculine
bardelle, feminine
barégine, feminine
baria, masculine
bariatrie, feminine
barigoule, feminine
bariolure, feminine
barite, feminine
barkhane, feminine
barlotière, feminine
barmaid, feminine
barochorie, feminine
barologie, feminine
baronnie, feminine
barophilie, feminine
barote, feminine
barrette, feminine
barreuse, feminine
bartavelle, feminine
barthes, masculine
barthès, masculine
artaxerxès, masculine
artefact, masculine
artel, masculine
artésien, masculine
arthritisme, masculine
arthromère, masculine
articulaire, masculine
articulet, masculine
artificier, masculine
artillac, masculine
artimon, masculine
artiodactyle, masculine
artocarpe, masculine
artois, masculine
arui, masculine
arum, masculine
arundel, masculine
aruspice, masculine
aryanisme, masculine
aryle, masculine
aryténoïde, masculine
arzou, masculine
as, masculine
asaret, masculine
ascalaphe, masculine
ascaride, masculine
ascaris, masculine
ascendeur, masculine
asclépiadacée, masculine
ascomycète, masculine
ascoux, masculine
asf, masculine
ásgard, masculine
ashram, masculine
asiarcat, masculine
asiarche, masculine
asiarque, masculine
asinicide, masculine
askari, masculine
aspe, masculine
barthou, masculine
baruc, masculine
barye, feminine
barymétrie, feminine
baryogénèse, feminine
barysphère, feminine
baryte, feminine
barytine, feminine
basale, feminine
basaliome, feminine
baseballeuse, feminine
baselle, feminine
baside, feminine
basoche, feminine
basquine, feminine
aspermatisme, masculine
asperseur, masculine
aspersoir, masculine
asphaltage, masculine
aspi, masculine
aspic, masculine
aspidistra, masculine
aspirant, masculine
asple, masculine
asplénium, masculine
aspor, masculine
asque, masculine
assagissement, masculine
assaillant, masculine
assainisseur, masculine
assaisonnement, masculine
assam, masculine
asse, masculine
dentelle, feminine
dentition, feminine
dépénalisation, feminine
dépense, feminine
déperdition, feminine
dépigmentation, feminine
dépolarisation, feminine
déportation, feminine
dépréciation, feminine
dépression, feminine
députation, feminine
déréalisation, feminine
dérision, feminine
dérivation, feminine
dermatite, feminine
dermatologie, feminine
dermite, feminine
dérogation, feminine
déroute, feminine
désactivation, feminine
désaffection, feminine
désagrégation, feminine
désambiguïsation, feminine
désapprobation, feminine
descendance, feminine
descente, feminine
descloizite, feminine
description, feminine
désensibilisation, feminine
désertification, feminine
désertion, feminine
désespérance, feminine
déshydratation, feminine
déshydrogénation, feminine
désindustrialisation, feminine
désinfection, feminine
désinformation, feminine
désinscription, feminine
désintégration, feminine
désintoxication, feminine
désirée, feminine
désobéissance, feminine
désolation, feminine
désorganisation, feminine
désorientation, feminine
désorption, feminine
desquamation, feminine
dessinatrice, feminine
déstabilisation, feminine
déstalinisation, feminine
destination, feminine
destinée, feminine
destructrice, feminine
détente, feminine
détérioration, feminine
détermination, feminine
détonation, feminine
détresse, feminine
dévaluation, feminine
dévanagari, feminine
dévastation, feminine
déveine, feminine
devinette, feminine
devise, feminine
dextrophobie, feminine
diabétologie, feminine
diabolisation, feminine
diagnose, feminine
dialectologie, feminine
dialyse, feminine
dianne, feminine
diapause, feminine
diapositive, feminine
diaspora, feminine
diatomée, feminine
diatribe, feminine
dichotomie, feminine
dictature, feminine
dictée, feminine
diction, feminine
dicton, masculine
diète, feminine
diététique, feminine
différenciation, feminine
différentiation, feminine
digestion, feminine
digitale, feminine
diglossie, feminine
digression, feminine
digue, feminine
dilatabilité, feminine
diligence, feminine
conte, masculine
conteur, masculine
contexte, masculine
continent, masculine
contingent, masculine
contingentement, masculine
continu, masculine
continuateur, masculine
contour, masculine
contraceptif, masculine
contractuel, masculine
contradicteur, masculine
contraste, masculine
contre, masculine
contrebandier, masculine
contrefaçon, feminine
contrefort, masculine
contremaître, masculine
contreplaqué, masculine
contrepoison, masculine
contrôle, masculine
contrôleur, masculine
converti, masculine
convoi, masculine
copeau, masculine
copépode, masculine
copolymère, masculine
coprocesseur, masculine
coquet, masculine
coquetier, masculine
dimension, feminine
diminution, feminine
dinde, feminine
dioné, feminine
dioptrie, feminine
dioxine, feminine
diphtérie, feminine
diphtongue, feminine
diploïde, masculine
diplomatie, feminine
dipsomanie, feminine
directive, feminine
discothèque, feminine
discussion, feminine
disgrâce, feminine
dislocation, feminine
disparité, feminine
disparition, feminine
dispense, feminine
dispersion, feminine
disposition, feminine
dissension, feminine
dissertation, feminine
dissipation, feminine
distillation, feminine
distraction, feminine
diva, feminine
divergence, feminine
diversification, feminine
diverticulite, feminine
divination, feminine
divisibilité, feminine
division, feminine
divorcée, feminine
dixième, masculine
dizaine, feminine
djakarta, feminine
djerba, feminine
djiboutienne, feminine
docilité, feminine
doctrine, feminine
documentation, feminine
dollarisation, feminine
dolomite, feminine
dolorès, feminine
domestication, feminine
dominance, feminine
domination, feminine
dominicaine, feminine
dominiquaise, feminine
dominique, masculine
dompteuse, feminine
donation, feminine
donatrice, feminine
coquillage, masculine
coquin, masculine
corail, masculine
coran, masculine
corbeau, masculine
corbillard, masculine
cordonnier, masculine
cordophone, masculine
coréen, masculine
corindon, masculine
corinthien, masculine
cormoran, masculine
cornet, masculine
cornichon, masculine
corona, masculine
coronavirus, masculine
corporatisme, masculine
correcteur, masculine
correspondant, masculine
corridor, masculine
corsage, masculine
corsaire, masculine
cortège, masculine
corticostéroïde, masculine
cortisol, masculine
cosinus, masculine
cosme, masculine
cosmétique, feminine
cosmopolitisme, masculine
cosmos, masculine
costume, masculine
côté, masculine
coteau, masculine
cotillon, masculine
coton, masculine
cottage, masculine
cou, masculine
couchant, masculine
coude, masculine
couillon, masculine
coulissier, masculine
couloir, masculine
donne, feminine
donneuse, feminine
dopamine, feminine
doraphobie, feminine
coupé, masculine
coupon, masculine
coureur, masculine
courlande, masculine
courrier, masculine
courroux, masculine
coursier, masculine
courtage, masculine
courtier, masculine
courtisan, masculine
couscous, masculine
coussin, masculine
coussinet, masculine
coût, masculine
coutelier, masculine
couturier, masculine
couvert, masculine
covidiot, masculine
coyote, masculine
crabe, masculine
crachat, masculine
crachin, masculine
crachoir, masculine
cracovien, masculine
cramoisi, masculine
crâne, masculine
crapaud, masculine
craquement, masculine
crash, masculine
créancier, masculine
créationisme, masculine
créationnisme, masculine
crédit, masculine
créditeur, masculine
crématorium, masculine
crémonais, masculine
crépin, masculine
crétacé, masculine
crétin, masculine
crétois, masculine
creuset, masculine
cri, masculine
crible, masculine
cricket, masculine
criméen, masculine
criquet, masculine
crispin, masculine
bassinoire, feminine
bassorah, feminine
bassorine, feminine
baste, masculine
bastia, feminine
bastide, feminine
bastienne, feminine
baston, feminine
bastos, feminine
bâtarde, feminine
bâtardise, feminine
batavia, feminine
batayole, feminine
batelée, feminine
batelière, feminine
batellerie, feminine
bathily, masculine
bathymétrie, feminine
bathysphère, feminine
bâtisseuse, feminine
batiste, feminine
bâtonnade, feminine
bâtonnière, feminine
batoude, feminine
batte, feminine
battée, feminine
battologie, feminine
batture, feminine
baudremoine, feminine
baudroie, feminine
baudruche, feminine
bauge, feminine
baugue, feminine
bauhinia, feminine
baup, masculine
bauquière, feminine
bavardeuse, feminine
bavaroise, feminine
baveuse, feminine
bavure, feminine
bayadère, feminine
bayonnette, feminine
bazoche, feminine
bbl, feminine
bce, feminine
bd, masculine
béa, feminine
béance, feminine
béarnaise, feminine
béatrix, feminine
beaujolaise, feminine
beauval, masculine
bébête, feminine
bécassine, feminine
béchamel, feminine
béchamp, masculine
beche, feminine
bécosse, feminine
bécosses, feminine
becquart, masculine
becquée, feminine
becquetance, feminine
bectance, feminine
bécune, feminine
bédé, feminine
bégayeuse, feminine
bégueulerie, feminine
béguine, feminine
bégum, feminine
béjaïa, feminine
bélandre, feminine
bélemnite, feminine
belfort, feminine
belgitude, feminine
bélière, feminine
béliveau, masculine
bélizienne, feminine
bella, feminine
bellechasse, feminine
bellefontaine, feminine
belleterre, feminine
belligérance, feminine
belon, feminine
bélopérone, feminine
belote, feminine
bénarde, feminine
asseau, masculine
assèchement, masculine
assembleur, masculine
asservissement, masculine
asservisseur, masculine
assesseur, masculine
assiégeant, masculine
assignat, masculine
assistanat, masculine
assisté, masculine
associateur, masculine
associationnisme, masculine
assolement, masculine
assombrissement, masculine
assommeur, masculine
assommoir, masculine
assomptionniste, masculine
bénévolence, feminine
bénignité, feminine
béninoise, feminine
benjamine, feminine
benne, feminine
benois, masculine
bentonite, feminine
benvignat, masculine
benzidine, feminine
benzoïne, feminine
benzophénone, feminine
benzyle, feminine
béotie, feminine
béquée, feminine
béquillarde, feminine
berce, feminine
bercelonnette, feminine
bérée, feminine
bérézina, feminine
assouan, masculine
assoupissement, masculine
assouplissement, masculine
assouplisseur, masculine
assourdissement, masculine
assouvissement, masculine
assujettissement, masculine
assuré, masculine
astaxanthine, masculine
astère, masculine
astéride, masculine
astérion, masculine
astérix, masculine
astic, masculine
astiquage, masculine
astolphe, masculine
astragale, masculine
astrakan, masculine
astringent, masculine
astroblème, masculine
astroïde, masculine
astromatériau, masculine
astronef, masculine
astrophysicien, masculine
asymptotisme, masculine
asynchronisme, masculine
ataman, masculine
atèle, masculine
aténolol, masculine
atérien, masculine
atermoiement, masculine
athanor, masculine
athénée, masculine
athérome, masculine
athérure, masculine
atlanthrope, masculine
atlantisme, masculine
atlantiste, masculine
atlantosaure, masculine
atoca, masculine
atomiseur, masculine
atomisme, masculine
atomiste, masculine
atour, masculine
âtre, masculine
atriau, masculine
atrium, masculine
attachement, masculine
attagène, masculine
attale, masculine
atteignement, masculine
attelage, masculine
atteleur, masculine
attendrissement, masculine
attendrisseur, masculine
attentisme, masculine
atténuateur, masculine
atterrage, masculine
atterrissement, masculine
atterrisseur, masculine
attiédissement, masculine
attifement, masculine
attirail, masculine
attisement, masculine
attisoir, masculine
attogramme, masculine
attokatal, masculine
atton, masculine
attorney, masculine
attouchement, masculine
attracteur, masculine
attrapage, masculine
attributaire, masculine
aubain, masculine
aubère, masculine
aubier, masculine
auckland, masculine
aucuba, masculine
aucunois, masculine
audiencier, masculine
audimat, masculine
audiogramme, masculine
audiographe, masculine
audiomètre, masculine
audiophone, masculine
auditorat, masculine
auditorium, masculine
audric, masculine
augeron, masculine
auget, masculine
augment, masculine
dorine, feminine
doris, feminine
dorothée, feminine
dorure, feminine
dose, feminine
dosimétrie, feminine
douane, feminine
doublure, feminine
douceur, feminine
douche, feminine
douille, feminine
douleur, feminine
douzaine, feminine
dracène, feminine
dragonesse, feminine
draisienne, feminine
draisine, feminine
dramaturgie, feminine
dravite, feminine
drépanocytose, feminine
dresde, feminine
drogue, feminine
droguerie, feminine
droite, feminine
droitière, feminine
droiture, feminine
dromophobie, feminine
dualité, feminine
dublinoise, feminine
duchesse, feminine
dune, feminine
dureté, feminine
croassement, masculine
crochet, masculine
crocus, masculine
croisement, masculine
croiseur, masculine
croquis, masculine
crotale, masculine
croupier, masculine
croyant, masculine
cru, masculine
crucifiement, masculine
crucifix, masculine
crudivorisme, masculine
crustacé, masculine
cryolite, masculine
cryptand, masculine
cubain, masculine
cube, masculine
cubisme, masculine
cuirassé, masculine
cuisinier, masculine
culbuteur, masculine
culot, masculine
culte, masculine
cultivateur, masculine
culturisme, masculine
cumin, masculine
curcuma, masculine
curé, masculine
curium, masculine
curry, masculine
curseur, masculine
dynamique, feminine
dynamite, feminine
dynastie, feminine
dysenterie, feminine
dysfonction, feminine
dysgraphie, feminine
dyslexie, feminine
dysmorphie, feminine
dysmorphophobie, feminine
dyspareunie, feminine
dysphorie, feminine
dyspnée, feminine
dysthymie, feminine
dystopie, feminine
dystrophie, feminine
dysurie, feminine
ébauche, feminine
ébène, feminine
ébriété, feminine
ébullition, feminine
ecchymose, feminine
échalote, feminine
échappée, feminine
écharde, feminine
écharpe, feminine
échasse, feminine
échéance, feminine
échevette, feminine
échine, feminine
échocardiographie, feminine
échographie, feminine
écholalie, feminine
écholocalisation, feminine
écholocation, feminine
éclaircie, feminine
éclaireuse, feminine
éclampsie, feminine
éclipse, feminine
éclogite, feminine
écluse, feminine
écolière, feminine
économétrie, feminine
économique, feminine
écorchure, feminine
écosphère, feminine
écossaise, feminine
écosse, feminine
écoterroriste, masculine
cyanomètre, masculine
cyanure, masculine
cybercarnet, masculine
cybernaute, masculine
cyberterrorisme, masculine
cyclamen, masculine
cycle, masculine
cyclisme, masculine
cyclobutane, masculine
cyclomoteur, masculine
cyclone, masculine
cyclotourisme, masculine
cylindre, masculine
cynisme, masculine
cyprès, masculine
cyprien, masculine
cyprotérone, masculine
cyril, masculine
cyrille, feminine
cyrillique, masculine
cytomégalovirus, masculine
cytoplasme, masculine
cytosquelette, masculine
dabigatran, masculine
dacien, masculine
dada, masculine
dadais, masculine
dadaïsme, masculine
daghestan, masculine
daguestan, masculine
daim, masculine
dalmate, masculine
dalmatien, masculine
daltonien, masculine
daltonisme, masculine
daman, masculine
damasquin, masculine
damien, masculine
damier, masculine
danemark, masculine
daniel, masculine
danois, masculine
danseur, masculine
dantzig, masculine
danube, masculine
dany, feminine
dard, masculine
dari, masculine
darmstadtium, masculine
darwinisme, masculine
dashi, masculine
datif, masculine
dattier, masculine
dauphin, masculine
david, masculine
deadname, masculine
déambulatoire, masculine
écrevisse, feminine
écrivaine, feminine
écume, feminine
écumoire, feminine
écurie, feminine
édaphologie, feminine
édifice, masculine
édimbourg, feminine
édith, feminine
éditorialiste, masculine
edmée, feminine
edmonde, feminine
éducateur, masculine
edwige, feminine
efface, feminine
effectivité, feminine
effeuillaison, feminine
effeuilleuse, feminine
efficacité, feminine
effigie, feminine
effloraison, feminine
effraction, feminine
effusion, feminine
égalitariste, masculine
égocentrique, masculine
égocentriste, masculine
égypte, feminine
égyptienne, feminine
égyptologie, feminine
ékistique, feminine
élamite, masculine
élasticité, feminine
elbaïte, feminine
elbe, feminine
électrice, feminine
électrocardiographie, feminine
électrocution, feminine
électrode, feminine
électrolyse, feminine
électrométrie, feminine
électromyographie, feminine
électrostatique, feminine
électrotechnique, feminine
élégance, feminine
éléonore, feminine
éléphantiasis, feminine
elfi, feminine
éliane, feminine
débarcadère, feminine
débarquement, masculine
débat, masculine
débit, masculine
débitant, masculine
débiteur, masculine
déblais, masculine
déblocage, masculine
déboisement, masculine
déboîtement, masculine
débordement, masculine
débouché, masculine
débutant, masculine
décaféiné, masculine
décagone, masculine
décalage, masculine
décalogue, masculine
décamètre, masculine
décapsuleur, masculine
décathlon, masculine
décathlonien, masculine
décemvirat, masculine
déchargement, masculine
déchiffrage, masculine
déchiffrement, masculine
décibel, masculine
décilitre, masculine
décimètre, masculine
déclin, masculine
décollage, masculine
décolleté, masculine
déconstructivisme, masculine
décor, masculine
décorateur, masculine
découpage, masculine
découragement, masculine
découvreur, masculine
décret, masculine
décryptage, masculine
dédain, masculine
dédit, masculine
défaitisme, masculine
défaut, masculine
défi, masculine
déficit, masculine
défilé, masculine
défrisage, masculine
défunt, masculine
dégaineur, masculine
dégel, masculine
déguisement, masculine
dehors, masculine
déisme, masculine
déjeuner, masculine
délégué, masculine
délice, masculine
délinquant, masculine
élisa, feminine
élisabeth, feminine
élise, feminine
élite, feminine
ellipse, feminine
élodie, feminine
éloïse, feminine
élucidation, feminine
élucubration, feminine
émanation, feminine
embarcation, feminine
embolie, feminine
embouchure, feminine
embrassade, feminine
embryologie, feminine
emeline, feminine
émeline, feminine
délit, masculine
delta, masculine
demandeur, masculine
démarchage, masculine
bergerette, feminine
berginisation, feminine
berle, feminine
berline, feminine
berlue, feminine
berme, feminine
bernabeu, masculine
bernache, feminine
berneuse, feminine
bernicle, feminine
bernique, feminine
berthiérite, feminine
bertholite, feminine
bertine, feminine
bertrandite, feminine
bérylliose, feminine
béryte, feminine
bérytienne, feminine
berzingue, masculine
besacière, feminine
besaiguë, feminine
besaigüe, feminine
besantine, feminine
besicles, feminine
bésicles, feminine
bésigue, feminine
bessemérisation, feminine
bessonne, feminine
betafo, feminine
bétaillère, feminine
betaméthasone, feminine
bêtathérapie, feminine
bételgeuse, feminine
bethléhem, feminine
bethsabée, feminine
bétoine, feminine
bétoire, feminine
bétonnisation, feminine
bettachini, masculine
bette, feminine
bétulacée, feminine
beu, feminine
beuh, feminine
beurrerie, feminine
beurrière, feminine
beurrine, feminine
beuteu, feminine
bévue, feminine
beyala, masculine
bfc, feminine
bff, feminine
bianca, feminine
bianka, feminine
biarrote, feminine
biatomicité, feminine
bibace, feminine
bibeloteuse, feminine
bibelotière, feminine
bibine, feminine
bibitte, feminine
biblio, feminine
bibliophilie, feminine
bibliothéconomie, feminine
bichette, feminine
bichkek, feminine
bichromie, feminine
bicoloration, feminine
bicontinuité, feminine
bicoque, feminine
bicotte, feminine
bicouche, feminine
bicrave, feminine
bicurieuse, feminine
biellette, feminine
biesse, masculine
biffe, feminine
biffle, feminine
biffure, feminine
bifle, feminine
bigarade, feminine
bignone, feminine
bignonia, feminine
bigorne, masculine
bigoterie, feminine
biguanide, feminine
bigue, feminine
biguine, feminine
bihouix, masculine
bijection, feminine
bikeuse, feminine
bilatéralité, feminine
bilharzie, feminine
biligenèse, feminine
biline, feminine
biliverdine, feminine
billette, feminine
billetterie, feminine
billevesée, feminine
billoc, feminine
bimodalité, feminine
binerie, feminine
binette, feminine
bineuse, feminine
binouse, feminine
binouze, feminine
bio, masculine
bioassimilabilité, feminine
bioastronomie, feminine
biobanque, feminine
biobibliographie, feminine
augmentatif, masculine
augustinisme, masculine
aujourd'hui, masculine
aulacode, masculine
aulnay, masculine
aumond, masculine
auranofine, masculine
aurignac, masculine
aurillac, masculine
auroch, masculine
aurure, masculine
ausone, masculine
australopithèque, masculine
austrofascisme, masculine
austromarxisme, masculine
autan, masculine
auteuil, masculine
auteuillois, masculine
authier, masculine
autoallumage, masculine
autoapprentissage, masculine
autoassemblage, masculine
autoboxing, masculine
autobronzant, masculine
autocar, masculine
autoclave, masculine
autocollant, masculine
autocorrélogramme, masculine
autoentrepreneur, masculine
autofinancement, masculine
autofocus, masculine
autogire, masculine
autolaveur, masculine
automaticien, masculine
automatisme, masculine
automatophone, masculine
automédon, masculine
automorphisme, masculine
autonomisme, masculine
autonyme, masculine
autopartage, masculine
autopilotage, masculine
autoradio, masculine
autorail, masculine
autoréglage, masculine
autorenouvellement, masculine
autoroutier, masculine
autosabotage, masculine
autosacrifice, masculine
autosoins, masculine
autosome, masculine
autostop, masculine
autostoppeur, masculine
autovaccin, masculine
autruchon, masculine
auxétisme, masculine
auxiliaire, masculine
auxomètre, masculine
auxotrophe, masculine
auzomètre, masculine
avachissement, masculine
avalement, masculine
avaleur, masculine
avaliseur, masculine
avaloir, masculine
avançon, masculine
avantès, masculine
avc, masculine
avelinier, masculine
aven, masculine
avenant, masculine
avènement, masculine
avénement, masculine
aventurisme, masculine
averroès, masculine
avers, masculine
avestique, masculine
aveyron, masculine
aveyronnais, masculine
avicenne, masculine
aviculteur, masculine
avionneur, masculine
aviseur, masculine
aviso, masculine
avitaillement, masculine
avivage, masculine
émergence, feminine
émèse, feminine
émétophobie, feminine
émeute, feminine
émigrante, feminine
émigration, feminine
émilie, feminine
émilienne, feminine
éminence, feminine
emma, feminine
emmanuelle, feminine
émoticône, feminine
émotion, feminine
émotivité, feminine
emphase, feminine
empreinte, feminine
emprise, feminine
encaisse, feminine
encarteuse, feminine
encaustique, feminine
encéphalite, feminine
encéphalopathie, feminine
enchanteresse, masculine
enchère, feminine
enclave, feminine
enclume, feminine
encre, feminine
encyclique, feminine
endive, feminine
endocrinologie, feminine
endocrinologiste, masculine
endométriose, masculine
endomorphine, feminine
endorphine, feminine
endoscopie, feminine
démarcheur, masculine
démarrage, masculine
démarreur, masculine
déménagement, masculine
démenti, masculine
demeuré, masculine
demi, masculine
déminage, masculine
démocratisme, masculine
démon, masculine
dénialisme, masculine
dénombrement, masculine
dénonciateur, masculine
dénoyauteur, masculine
densimètre, masculine
denticule, masculine
dentier, masculine
dentifrice, masculine
déodorant, masculine
départ, masculine
dépassement, masculine
dépeuplement, masculine
dépistage, masculine
dépit, masculine
déplacement, masculine
déplaisir, masculine
député, masculine
endotoxine, feminine
endurance, feminine
énergie, feminine
énétéphobie, feminine
enfilade, feminine
enflure, feminine
enharmonie, feminine
énième, masculine
ennemie, feminine
entaille, feminine
entéropathie, feminine
enthésiopathie, feminine
entité, feminine
entomologie, feminine
entomophobie, feminine
entorse, feminine
entrailles, feminine
entrave, feminine
entrée, feminine
entremise, feminine
énumération, feminine
énurésie, feminine
enveloppe, feminine
envergure, feminine
enzyme, masculine
épaisseur, feminine
épave, feminine
épeiche, feminine
épeichette, feminine
épeire, feminine
éphémérité, feminine
éphèse, feminine
épidémicité, feminine
épidémie, feminine
épidémiologie, feminine
épidémiologue, masculine
épigénétique, feminine
épiglotte, feminine
épigramme, feminine
épigraphie, feminine
épilepsie, feminine
épileptique, masculine
épine, feminine
épinéphrine, feminine
épiphore, feminine
épisiotomie, feminine
épistaxis, feminine
dérailleur, masculine
dérapage, masculine
dérivé, masculine
dermographisme, masculine
déroulement, masculine
désabonnement, masculine
désagrément, masculine
désamour, masculine
désarmement, masculine
désastre, masculine
descendant, masculine
descriptivisme, masculine
déserteur, masculine
désespéré, masculine
déshonneur, masculine
désintéressement, masculine
désir, masculine
désiré, masculine
desmosome, masculine
dessein, masculine
dessert, masculine
dessin, masculine
dessinateur, masculine
dessus, masculine
destin, masculine
déstockage, masculine
destructeur, masculine
détachement, masculine
détail, masculine
détaillant, masculine
détecteur, masculine
détenteur, masculine
détergent, masculine
déterminant, masculine
déterminisme, masculine
détonateur, masculine
détour, masculine
détournement, masculine
détroit, masculine
devant, masculine
développement, masculine
devin, masculine
devis, masculine
diabète, masculine
épistémologie, feminine
épithète, feminine
épizootie, feminine
éprouvette, feminine
épuration, feminine
épure, feminine
équipe, feminine
équitation, feminine
ère, feminine
érection, feminine
érémitophobie, feminine
ergonomie, feminine
ergophobie, feminine
ermite, masculine
ernestine, feminine
érosion, feminine
érotomanie, feminine
erpétologie, feminine
erreur, feminine
érudition, feminine
éruption, feminine
érythrée, feminine
erythropoïèse, feminine
érythrosine, feminine
escalade, feminine
escalope, feminine
eschatologie, feminine
escorte, feminine
escrime, feminine
escrimeuse, feminine
escroquerie, feminine
esculine, feminine
espagne, feminine
espagnole, feminine
esplanade, feminine
esquille, feminine
essence, feminine
estampille, feminine
estelle, feminine
esther, feminine
esthétique, feminine
esthétisation, feminine
estimation, feminine
estime, feminine
estonie, feminine
estonienne, feminine
étable, feminine
étagère, feminine
étamine, feminine
étanchéité, feminine
étape, feminine
diable, masculine
diacre, masculine
diadème, masculine
diagnostic, masculine
diagramme, masculine
dialogue, masculine
diamètre, masculine
diapason, masculine
dibbouk, masculine
dichlorodiphényltrichloroéthane, masculine
diclofénac, masculine
dico, masculine
dictaphone, masculine
didier, masculine
dieffenbachia, masculine
diélectrique, masculine
dièse, masculine
différend, masculine
dignitaire, masculine
digramme, masculine
diktat, masculine
dilemme, masculine
dilettante, feminine
dilophosaure, masculine
diluant, masculine
dimanche, masculine
diminutif, masculine
dimitri, masculine
dimorphisme, masculine
dindon, masculine
dîner, masculine
dingo, masculine
dinosaure, masculine
dioxyde, masculine
directeur, masculine
directoire, masculine
dirigeable, masculine
discernement, masculine
discompteur, masculine
discours, masculine
disjoncteur, masculine
dispositif, masculine
disque, masculine
dissident, masculine
distributeur, masculine
district, masculine
étendue, feminine
éthicienne, feminine
éthiopie, feminine
éthiopienne, feminine
éthique, feminine
ethnicité, feminine
ethnie, feminine
ethnobiologie, feminine
divan, masculine
divertissement, masculine
dividende, masculine
diviseur, masculine
divisionnisme, masculine
divorcé, masculine
djaïnisme, masculine
avivement, masculine
avocaillon, masculine
avodiré, masculine
avorteur, masculine
avortoir, masculine
avoueur, masculine
avunculat, masculine
axérophtol, masculine
axino, masculine
biocompatibilité, feminine
bioconversion, feminine
biocratie, feminine
biodégradabilité, feminine
biodisponibilité, feminine
biodynamie, feminine
bioécologie, feminine
bioélectricité, feminine
bioénergie, feminine
bioindustrie, feminine
axion, masculine
axoïde, masculine
axonais, masculine
axonème, masculine
ayahuasca, masculine
aylmer, masculine
azawakh, masculine
azédarach, masculine
azène, masculine
azéotrope, masculine
azépane, masculine
azépine, masculine
azereix, masculine
azérolier, masculine
azerty, masculine
azétane, masculine
azète, masculine
azétidine, masculine
azétine, masculine
azilien, masculine
azirène, masculine
azobenzène, masculine
azole, masculine
azopolymère, masculine
azotite, masculine
azotobacter, masculine
azoture, masculine
azraël, masculine
azulejo, masculine
azulène, masculine
azurage, masculine
azzedine, masculine
b*t*, masculine
b*t*rd, masculine
b/p, masculine
b/v, masculine
baas, masculine
baasisme, masculine
babiroussa, masculine
bioinformatique, feminine
biolistique, feminine
biomathématiques, feminine
biomécatronique, feminine
biomédecine, feminine
biométhanisation, feminine
biopersistance, feminine
biophilie, feminine
biopiraterie, feminine
biopolitique, feminine
bioprotéine, feminine
bioraffinerie, feminine
biorésonance, feminine
bioressource, feminine
biostasie, feminine
biostatisticienne, feminine
biostatistique, feminine
biostratigraphie, feminine
bioteau, masculine
biotech, feminine
biotite, feminine
biotoxine, feminine
biotypologie, feminine
bipédie, feminine
biplace, feminine
bipolarisation, feminine
bipolarité, feminine
bique, feminine
biquette, feminine
birème, feminine
birmane, feminine
bisaïeule, feminine
bisaiguë, feminine
biscaïchipy, masculine
biscaye, feminine
biscotterie, feminine
biscuiterie, feminine
bisette, feminine
bisonne, feminine
bisontine, feminine
bisque, feminine
babord, masculine
babouvisme, masculine
babouviste, masculine
babtou, masculine
baby, masculine
babyboom, masculine
babyfoot, masculine
babylonien, masculine
bacavi, masculine
baccara, masculine
baccarat, masculine
bacchanal, masculine
bacchylide, masculine
bâchage, masculine
bachelor, masculine
bachotage, masculine
backgammon, masculine
bacon, masculine
bactérivore, masculine
badasso, masculine
bade, masculine
badigeon, masculine
badigeonnage, masculine
badigeonneur, masculine
badin, masculine
badlands, masculine
badois, masculine
badouillard, masculine
badr, masculine
baeckeoffe, masculine
bafouilleur, masculine
bâfreur, masculine
bagad, masculine
bagel, masculine
baggy, masculine
bagnard, masculine
bagout, masculine
baguenaudier, masculine
baguettisant, masculine
baguier, masculine
bistabilité, feminine
bistorte, feminine
bistronomie, feminine
bisulfate, feminine
bitch, feminine
bitcoineuse, feminine
bithynie, feminine
bitte, feminine
bituminisation, feminine
bivalence, feminine
bivariance, feminine
bixine, feminine
bizet, masculine
blackstonie, feminine
blagueuse, feminine
blairie, feminine
blanchaille, feminine
blanchisseuse, feminine
blanchité, feminine
blandice, feminine
blanquette, feminine
blasphématrice, feminine
blastocèle, feminine
blastogenèse, feminine
blastomycose, feminine
blastula, feminine
blastule, feminine
bleausarde, feminine
bleime, feminine
blennie, feminine
blennorrhée, feminine
blépharite, feminine
blésité, feminine
blette, feminine
blettissure, feminine
bleuetière, feminine
bleusaille, feminine
blinde, feminine
blochet, feminine
blockchain, feminine
bloggeuse, feminine
blondasse, feminine
blondeur, feminine
blondine, feminine
blondinette, feminine
blouin, masculine
bluette, feminine
bluffeuse, feminine
bahaméen, masculine
bahamien, masculine
bahia, masculine
bahloo, masculine
bahreïni, masculine
baiame, masculine
baiji, masculine
bailleur, masculine
bâilleur, masculine
bailli, masculine
bailliage, masculine
bâillonnement, masculine
blumenfeld, masculine
bm, feminine
bmw, masculine
bnp, feminine
bo, feminine
bobèche, masculine
bobettes, feminine
bobeuse, feminine
bobineuse, feminine
bobologie, feminine
bobonne, feminine
bobsleigh, feminine
bœotie, feminine
boësse, feminine
boète, feminine
boëtte, feminine
bœuferie, feminine
bohémienne, feminine
boite, feminine
djiboutien, masculine
djihad, masculine
dniepr, masculine
dniestr, masculine
dobermann, masculine
dock, masculine
docteur, masculine
document, masculine
dodécaédrane, masculine
dodécagone, masculine
dodo, masculine
dogmatisme, masculine
dogue, masculine
dollar, masculine
dolmen, masculine
dom, masculine
dôme, masculine
domicile, masculine
dominateur, masculine
dominicain, masculine
domino, masculine
domitien, masculine
dommage, masculine
dompteur, masculine
don, masculine
donateur, masculine
donatisme, masculine
donjon, masculine
donneur, masculine
donut, masculine
dopage, masculine
dorian, masculine
dorien, masculine
dortoir, masculine
doryphore, masculine
dosage, masculine
dosimètre, masculine
douanier, masculine
ethnographie, feminine
ethnologie, feminine
ethnomusicologie, feminine
éthologie, feminine
étiologie, feminine
étiquette, feminine
étoffe, feminine
étolie, feminine
étrangère, feminine
étrangeté, feminine
étrennes, feminine
étrurie, feminine
étruscologie, feminine
étude, feminine
étudiante, feminine
euchromatine, feminine
eugénie, feminine
euglène, feminine
eulalie, feminine
euphémisation, feminine
euphorbe, feminine
euphorie, feminine
eurasie, feminine
eurocentriste, masculine
europe, feminine
européanisation, feminine
européenne, feminine
eusébie, feminine
euthanasie, feminine
eutrophisation, feminine
éva, feminine
évacuation, feminine
doubaï, masculine
double, masculine
doublet, masculine
doubs, masculine
doyen, masculine
dragon, masculine
drainage, masculine
drame, masculine
drap, masculine
dressoir, masculine
droitier, masculine
dromadaire, masculine
drone, masculine
druide, masculine
druidisme, masculine
dualisme, masculine
dubaï, masculine
dublinois, masculine
dubnium, masculine
duc, masculine
duché, masculine
duel, masculine
dunkerque, masculine
duodénum, masculine
duopole, masculine
duplicata, masculine
duramen, masculine
durcissement, masculine
durcisseur, masculine
dylan, masculine
dynamisme, masculine
dynamomètre, masculine
dysprosium, masculine
ebisu, masculine
éboueur, masculine
ecclésiastique, masculine
échafaud, masculine
échafaudage, masculine
échange, masculine
échangeur, masculine
échantillonnage, masculine
échappement, masculine
échec, masculine
échecs, masculine
échelon, masculine
écheveau, masculine
échidné, masculine
échiquier, masculine
échouage, feminine
éclair, masculine
éclairage, masculine
éclaircissement, masculine
évaporation, feminine
ève, feminine
évelyne, feminine
éviction, feminine
évocation, feminine
exactitude, feminine
exagération, feminine
exaltation, feminine
exaspération, feminine
excavation, feminine
excentricité, feminine
exclave, feminine
exclusivité, feminine
excommunication, feminine
excoriation, feminine
excursion, feminine
exégèse, feminine
exfoliation, feminine
exhalaison, feminine
exhortation, feminine
exhumation, feminine
exobiologie, feminine
exocytose, feminine
exogamie, feminine
exoplanète, feminine
exorphine, feminine
exosphère, feminine
exotoxine, feminine
expansion, feminine
expat, masculine
expectative, feminine
expédition, feminine
expérimentatrice, feminine
expertise, feminine
expiration, feminine
explication, feminine
exploration, feminine
exploratrice, feminine
explosion, feminine
expropriation, feminine
extase, feminine
extorsion, feminine
extourne, feminine
extradition, feminine
extrapolation, feminine
extravertie, feminine
fabienne, feminine
fable, feminine
éclaireur, masculine
éclat, masculine
éclatement, masculine
éclectisme, masculine
écolier, masculine
écossais, masculine
écosystème, masculine
écoterrorisme, masculine
écotype, masculine
écouteur, masculine
écraseur, masculine
écrin, masculine
écrit, masculine
écrivailleur, masculine
écrivaillon, masculine
écrou, masculine
ectoblaste, masculine
ectoderme, masculine
ectoparasite, masculine
écureau, masculine
edam, masculine
édaphon, masculine
edelweiss, masculine
edgar, masculine
édicule, masculine
édit, masculine
éditeur, masculine
edmond, masculine
edouard, masculine
édouard, masculine
édulcorant, masculine
éfélant, masculine
effarement, masculine
effectif, masculine
efféminement, masculine
effeuillage, masculine
effeuillement, masculine
effondrement, masculine
égalitarisme, masculine
égard, masculine
égocentrisme, masculine
égoïsme, masculine
égout, masculine
égyptien, masculine
eicosanoïde, masculine
einsteinium, masculine
éjaculat, masculine
élam, masculine
fabrique, feminine
fac, feminine
facilitation, feminine
façon, feminine
faction, feminine
factorielle, feminine
factorisation, feminine
facturation, feminine
facture, feminine
fadaise, feminine
faenza, feminine
faïence, feminine
faïencerie, feminine
faille, feminine
faillite, feminine
faisabilité, feminine
faisanderie, feminine
falsification, feminine
falsificatrice, feminine
familiarité, feminine
famine, feminine
famotidine, feminine
fanchette, feminine
fanchon, feminine
fanfreluche, feminine
fanny, feminine
fantaisiste, masculine
fantasmagorie, feminine
farce, feminine
farine, feminine
fatalité, feminine
fatwa, feminine
fauchaison, feminine
faucheuse, feminine
faucille, feminine
faune, masculine
faustine, feminine
faute, feminine
fauvette, feminine
fauviste, masculine
faux, masculine
favela, feminine
faveur, feminine
favorite, feminine
fédération, feminine
élan, masculine
élargissement, masculine
élasmosaure, masculine
élastomère, masculine
félicie, feminine
félicitation, feminine
félicité, feminine
fellation, feminine
fêlure, feminine
femelle, feminine
baïram, masculine
baisage, masculine
baisement, masculine
baisenville, masculine
baisodrome, masculine
baissement, masculine
baissoir, masculine
bajoyer, masculine
bakavi, masculine
bakinois, masculine
baklava, masculine
bakou, masculine
baladin, masculine
balado, masculine
balafon, masculine
balandier, masculine
balane, masculine
balanoglosse, masculine
balanus, masculine
balata, masculine
balboa, masculine
balbutiement, masculine
balbutieur, masculine
balconnet, masculine
balestron, masculine
baliseur, masculine
balisier, masculine
balivage, masculine
baliveau, masculine
baliveur, masculine
ballabile, masculine
ballastage, masculine
ballerin, masculine
ballonnet, masculine
ballotage, masculine
ballotin, masculine
ballottement, masculine
balluche, masculine
balluchon, masculine
bâlois, masculine
balsa, masculine
balsamier, masculine
baltringue, masculine
baluchon, masculine
balustre, masculine
balzac, masculine
bambochard, masculine
ban, masculine
banat, masculine
bancassurance, masculine
banchage, masculine
bancomat, masculine
bancoulier, masculine
banderillero, masculine
banditisme, masculine
bandonéon, masculine
bang, masculine
banian, masculine
banlieusard, masculine
banlon, masculine
banneret, masculine
banneton, masculine
bannier, masculine
banqueroutier, masculine
banqueteur, masculine
banquiste, masculine
bantou, masculine
banvin, masculine
bâoli, masculine
baptiseur, masculine
baptistaire, masculine
baquet, masculine
bara, masculine
baraban, masculine
baragouinage, masculine
baragouineur, masculine
baraki, masculine
baraquement, masculine
barathon, masculine
baratineur, masculine
barattage, masculine
barbadien, masculine
barbagiuan, masculine
barbajuan, masculine
barbaresque, masculine
barbarouffement, masculine
barbec, masculine
boîtelette, feminine
boiterie, feminine
bolchevisation, feminine
bolchévisation, feminine
bolée, feminine
bombarde, feminine
bombasse, feminine
bombay, feminine
bombazine, feminine
bombeuse, feminine
bombure, feminine
bonace, feminine
bonaparte, masculine
bonbonne, feminine
bonbonnière, feminine
bonde, feminine
bondieuserie, feminine
bondonnière, feminine
bondrée, feminine
bongo, feminine
boniche, feminine
bonjeanie, feminine
bonjour, masculine
bonnasse, feminine
bonneterie, feminine
bonnetière, feminine
bonnette, feminine
bonniche, feminine
boob, feminine
boostage, feminine
bordée, feminine
bordelaise, feminine
bordenet, masculine
bordigue, feminine
borezza, masculine
borie, feminine
bornésite, feminine
boromagnésite, feminine
boruration, feminine
bosnienne, feminine
bossale, masculine
bosseuse, feminine
bossue, feminine
botaniseuse, feminine
botteleuse, feminine
botterie, feminine
bottière, feminine
boucane, feminine
boucharde, feminine
bouchère, feminine
féminité, feminine
femtoseconde, feminine
fente, feminine
féodalité, feminine
fermentation, feminine
fermeté, feminine
fernande, feminine
féroé, feminine
ferraille, feminine
ferraraise, feminine
ferritine, feminine
fertilisation, feminine
fertilité, feminine
fessée, feminine
feta, feminine
fêtarde, feminine
fétidité, feminine
fève, feminine
fiabilité, feminine
fiançailles, feminine
fiancée, feminine
fibre, feminine
fibrillation, feminine
fibrose, feminine
ficelle, feminine
fiche, feminine
fiction, feminine
elbrouz, masculine
électeur, masculine
électorat, masculine
électret, masculine
électricien, masculine
électrolyte, masculine
électromagnétisme, feminine
électron, masculine
électroscope, masculine
élégant, masculine
élément, masculine
élévateur, masculine
éleveur, masculine
elfe, masculine
éliacin, masculine
éloge, masculine
elohim, masculine
éloi, masculine
éloignement, masculine
emballage, masculine
embargo, masculine
embarquement, masculine
embarras, masculine
embastillement, masculine
embauchoir, masculine
embellissement, masculine
emblème, masculine
embouteillage, masculine
embranchement, masculine
embrayage, masculine
embryon, masculine
émeri, masculine
émeric, masculine
émerveillement, masculine
émetteur, masculine
émigrant, masculine
émile, masculine
émilien, masculine
émirat, masculine
émirats, masculine
bouderie, feminine
boudine, masculine
boudotte, feminine
bouéni, feminine
bouette, feminine
bouf, feminine
bouffée, feminine
bouffette, feminine
bouffeuse, feminine
bouffissure, feminine
bouffonne, feminine
bouffonnerie, feminine
bougainvillée, feminine
bougeotte, feminine
bougette, feminine
bougnate, feminine
fidéiste, masculine
fidji, feminine
fidjienne, feminine
fierté, feminine
fièvre, feminine
figue, feminine
figurante, feminine
figurine, feminine
file, feminine
filiale, feminine
filiation, feminine
fillette, feminine
filleule, feminine
filoselle, feminine
filtration, feminine
fin, feminine
finale, feminine
finesse, feminine
finition, feminine
finlandaise, feminine
finlande, feminine
finnoise, feminine
fiona, feminine
firme, feminine
fiscalité, feminine
fissure, feminine
fistule, feminine
fixation, feminine
flamme, feminine
flandre, feminine
flanelle, feminine
flâneuse, feminine
flaque, feminine
flatterie, feminine
flatulence, feminine
flavonoïde, masculine
flèche, feminine
flemmardise, feminine
flessingue, feminine
flexibilité, feminine
flexion, feminine
flexographie, feminine
flora, feminine
floraison, feminine
flore, feminine
florence, feminine
florentine, feminine
floride, feminine
flotte, feminine
fluctuation, feminine
fluoration, feminine
fluorescence, feminine
fluorine, feminine
emmagasinage, masculine
emmanuel, masculine
emménagement, masculine
emmerdeur, masculine
émoussement, masculine
empereur, masculine
emphysème, masculine
empire, masculine
empirisme, masculine
emplacement, masculine
emplâtre, masculine
employé, masculine
employeur, masculine
empoisonnement, masculine
emprisonnement, masculine
emprunt, masculine
emprunteur, masculine
encadrement, masculine
encaissement, masculine
encens, masculine
encensoir, masculine
encéphale, masculine
enchainement, masculine
enchaînement, masculine
enchanteur, masculine
enchérisseur, masculine
enclos, masculine
encouragement, masculine
encyclopédisme, masculine
endettement, masculine
endocarpe, masculine
endoctrinement, masculine
endomorphisme, masculine
endoparasite, masculine
endoplasme, masculine
endos, masculine
endosquelette, masculine
endossement, masculine
endosseur, masculine
énervement, masculine
enfantillage, masculine
enfièvrement, masculine
engagement, masculine
engelbert, masculine
engin, masculine
engouement, masculine
engrais, masculine
enjeu, masculine
enjoliveur, masculine
ennemi, masculine
enquêteur, masculine
enregistrement, masculine
enregistreur, masculine
enrichissement, masculine
enrôlement, masculine
fluoxétine, masculine
flute, feminine
focalisation, feminine
foison, feminine
folie, feminine
folle, feminine
fonction, feminine
fonctionnalité, feminine
fondation, feminine
fonderie, feminine
fontaine, feminine
fonte, feminine
footballeuse, feminine
force, feminine
forestation, feminine
foresterie, feminine
forêt, feminine
forficule, feminine
forge, feminine
formalisation, feminine
formation, feminine
forme, feminine
formose, feminine
formulation, feminine
formule, feminine
forteresse, feminine
fosse, feminine
fossette, feminine
foudre, masculine
fougère, feminine
fouille, feminine
fourmilière, feminine
fracture, feminine
fragilité, feminine
fragmentation, feminine
fraîcheur, feminine
framboise, feminine
française, feminine
france, feminine
franceline, feminine
francette, feminine
francine, feminine
francisation, feminine
enrouement, masculine
enseignant, masculine
enseignement, masculine
ensemble, masculine
ensoleillement, masculine
entendement, masculine
entérovirus, masculine
enterrement, masculine
entêtement, masculine
enthousiasme, masculine
entonnoir, masculine
entourage, masculine
entracte, masculine
entraînement, masculine
entraîneur, masculine
entrecuisse, masculine
entrefilet, masculine
entrelacement, masculine
entrepreneur, masculine
entretien, masculine
envahissement, masculine
envahisseur, masculine
environ, masculine
environnement, masculine
envoi, masculine
envoyé, masculine
enzo, masculine
épagneul, masculine
épeautre, masculine
épendymome, masculine
éperon, masculine
épervier, masculine
éphémère, masculine
éphod, masculine
éphrem, masculine
épi, masculine
épicarpe, masculine
épicéa, masculine
épicentre, masculine
épicurisme, masculine
épiderme, masculine
épieu, masculine
épigastre, masculine
épigone, masculine
épilogue, masculine
épiscopat, masculine
épisode, masculine
épithélium, masculine
épouseur, masculine
épouvantail, masculine
epsilon, masculine
épuisement, masculine
equateur, masculine
équatorial, masculine
équatorien, masculine
équilibre, masculine
françoise, feminine
franconie, feminine
francophilie, feminine
francophobie, feminine
équipement, masculine
équivalent, masculine
barbecue, masculine
barbelé, masculine
barbeuc, masculine
barbillon, masculine
barbital, masculine
barbiturisme, masculine
barbon, masculine
barbotage, masculine
barboteur, masculine
barbotin, masculine
barbouilleur, masculine
barbouzet, masculine
barbudien, masculine
bard, masculine
barda, masculine
bardache, masculine
bardage, masculine
bardeau, masculine
barège, masculine
bargraphe, masculine
barguignage, masculine
barine, masculine
barjot, masculine
barkmere, masculine
barman, masculine
barn, masculine
barnabite, masculine
barométrographe, masculine
baronnage, masculine
baroquisme, masculine
barorécepteur, masculine
barosanème, masculine
baroscope, masculine
barotraumatisme, masculine
baroudeur, masculine
barouf, masculine
baroufle, masculine
barracuda, masculine
barraute, masculine
barrel, masculine
barrement, masculine
barrissement, masculine
barrot, masculine
barsac, masculine
barthélemy, masculine
bartimée, masculine
bartonien, masculine
baryon, masculine
barzoï, masculine
basculement, masculine
baseballeur, masculine
basidiomycète, masculine
basilecte, masculine
basin, masculine
basionyme, masculine
basipode, masculine
basophile, masculine
bassinage, masculine
bassinet, masculine
bastaing, masculine
basterne, masculine
bastidon, masculine
bastiment, masculine
basting, masculine
bastingage, masculine
bastringue, masculine
bât, masculine
batailleur, masculine
batara, masculine
batardeau, masculine
batée, masculine
batelage, masculine
batelet, masculine
bateleur, masculine
bath, masculine
bathurst, masculine
batifolage, masculine
batik, masculine
batman, masculine
bâtonnage, masculine
bâtonnat, masculine
bâtonnier, masculine
batracien, masculine
batral, masculine
battellement, masculine
battoir, masculine
bau, masculine
baud, masculine
baudrier, masculine
baudroyeur, masculine
frange, feminine
frappe, feminine
fraternisation, feminine
fraude, feminine
frédérique, feminine
frégate, feminine
frénésie, feminine
fréquence, feminine
fréquentation, feminine
fresque, feminine
friandise, feminine
fribourg, feminine
fricassée, feminine
friche, feminine
friction, feminine
frigidité, feminine
frimousse, feminine
fringue, masculine
frise, feminine
frisette, masculine
frite, feminine
friture, feminine
frivolité, feminine
froideur, feminine
fromagerie, feminine
fronde, feminine
frontière, feminine
frousse, feminine
frugalité, feminine
fruiterie, feminine
frusques, feminine
frustration, feminine
fugue, feminine
fuite, feminine
fumée, feminine
fumeuse, feminine
fumigation, feminine
funérailles, feminine
fureur, feminine
furie, feminine
fusée, feminine
fusion, feminine
futilité, feminine
futurologie, feminine
gabelle, feminine
gabrielle, feminine
gaby, masculine
gâchette, feminine
gadoue, feminine
gaëlle, feminine
gaëtane, feminine
gaète, feminine
gaffe, feminine
gagaouzie, feminine
gageure, feminine
gaieté, feminine
gaine, feminine
galalithe, feminine
galatie, feminine
galaxie, feminine
gale, feminine
galéphobie, feminine
galerie, feminine
galicie, feminine
galilea, feminine
galilée, masculine
galloise, feminine
galoche, feminine
galvanisation, feminine
gambie, feminine
gamelle, feminine
gamétophobie, feminine
gaminerie, feminine
gamme, feminine
gangrène, feminine
gaou, masculine
garantie, feminine
garce, feminine
gardienne, feminine
gare, feminine
garnison, feminine
garonnais, feminine
garonne, feminine
gascogne, feminine
gasconne, feminine
gastrine, feminine
gastronomie, feminine
gastrula, feminine
gastrulation, feminine
gâterie, feminine
gaufre, masculine
gaufrette, feminine
gaule, feminine
gaza, feminine
gazelle, feminine
gazinière, feminine
gélatine, feminine
gelée, feminine
gélothérapie, feminine
gelure, feminine
gencive, feminine
bougonneuse, feminine
bougresse, feminine
bouhadeb, masculine
bouille, feminine
bouix, masculine
boulaie, feminine
boulangère, feminine
erbium, masculine
éreintement, masculine
erevan, feminine
erg, masculine
ergatif, masculine
éric, masculine
ermitage, masculine
ernest, masculine
érotisme, masculine
érythrocyte, masculine
erzurum, masculine
erzya, masculine
escalator, masculine
escalier, masculine
escapisme, masculine
escargot, masculine
escaut, masculine
escogriffe, masculine
escrimeur, masculine
escroc, masculine
esdras, masculine
ésoméprazole, masculine
ésope, masculine
espace, feminine
espadon, masculine
espagnol, masculine
espéranto, masculine
espion, masculine
espresso, masculine
esquilin, masculine
gendarmerie, feminine
gêne, feminine
généalogie, feminine
généralisation, feminine
genèse, feminine
généticienne, feminine
génétique, feminine
genette, feminine
genève, feminine
geneviève, feminine
genevoise, feminine
genie, feminine
géniophobie, feminine
génisse, feminine
génocidaire, masculine
génoise, feminine
génophobie, feminine
génotoxicité, feminine
gentamicine, feminine
gentiane, feminine
géobotanique, feminine
géodésie, feminine
géodésique, feminine
geôle, feminine
géomancie, feminine
géomorphologie, feminine
géophysicienne, feminine
géophysique, feminine
géophyte, feminine
géopolitique, feminine
georgette, feminine
géorgienne, feminine
georgine, feminine
géosphère, feminine
géphyrophobie, feminine
geraldine, feminine
géraldine, feminine
gérance, feminine
gérante, feminine
gerbe, feminine
gerbille, feminine
gerboise, feminine
gériatrie, feminine
germaine, feminine
germanie, feminine
germanisation, feminine
germination, feminine
gérontocratie, feminine
gérontologie, feminine
gertrude, feminine
gervaise, feminine
gestation, feminine
ghislaine, feminine
ghyslaine, feminine
gibbérelline, feminine
bouleternère, masculine
boulette, feminine
bouline, feminine
boulingue, feminine
bouloche, feminine
boulonnaise, feminine
boulonnerie, feminine
bouque, feminine
bouquetière, feminine
bouquinerie, feminine
bouquineuse, feminine
bourbe, feminine
bourbon, masculine
bourdaine, feminine
bourdieu, masculine
bourdigue, feminine
bourdin, masculine
bourgeoise, feminine
bourges, feminine
bourguignote, feminine
bourlingueuse, feminine
bouroundaise, feminine
bourrache, feminine
bourrade, feminine
bourre, feminine
bourriche, feminine
bourride, feminine
bourrieau, masculine
bourrique, feminine
boursette, feminine
boursicoteuse, feminine
boursière, feminine
bousenna, masculine
bousilleuse, feminine
boutade, feminine
boutargue, feminine
essaim, masculine
essayage, masculine
essentialisme, masculine
essentiel, masculine
essor, masculine
estienne, masculine
estivant, masculine
estonien, masculine
estragon, masculine
estuaire, masculine
esturgeon, masculine
étage, masculine
étalage, masculine
étalon, masculine
étalonnage, masculine
étang, masculine
état, masculine
étau, masculine
éteignoir, masculine
étendard, masculine
éthane, masculine
éthanol, masculine
éthène, masculine
éthicien, masculine
éthiopien, masculine
ethnocentrisme, masculine
éthylène, masculine
éthylisme, masculine
éthyne, masculine
étienne, masculine
étioplaste, masculine
etna, masculine
étonnement, masculine
étouffement, masculine
étourdi, masculine
étourneau, masculine
étranger, masculine
étrier, masculine
étudiant, masculine
gifle, feminine
gigue, feminine
gilberte, feminine
ginette, feminine
gingivectomie, feminine
girandole, feminine
gironde, masculine
girouette, feminine
gisèle, feminine
boutella, masculine
bouterolle, feminine
boutiquière, feminine
boutroulle, feminine
bouture, feminine
bouvière, feminine
box, masculine
boxeuse, feminine
boyasse, feminine
boycotteuse, feminine
bp, feminine
brachialgie, feminine
brachycéphalisation, feminine
bractée, feminine
bradeuse, feminine
bradycardie, feminine
bradypepsie, feminine
bradypsychie, feminine
braie, feminine
braies, feminine
brailleuse, feminine
braise, feminine
brancardière, feminine
branlage, feminine
branlée, feminine
branlette, feminine
branleuse, feminine
braqueuse, feminine
brasserole, feminine
brasseuse, feminine
brasure, feminine
brau, masculine
bravacherie, feminine
bravade, feminine
braye, feminine
brayette, feminine
brazeau, masculine
bredouille, feminine
bredouilleuse, feminine
breitenbach, feminine
brejnev, masculine
brêle, feminine
brème, feminine
eucalyptol, masculine
eucher, masculine
eudémonisme, masculine
eugène, masculine
eugénisme, masculine
eugénol, masculine
eunuque, masculine
euphémisme, masculine
euphrate, masculine
eurocentrisme, masculine
eurodéputé, masculine
eurodollar, feminine
euromarché, masculine
européen, masculine
europium, masculine
europol, masculine
euroscepticisme, masculine
eustache, masculine
évangile, masculine
évanouissement, masculine
évariste, masculine
évêché, masculine
évènement, masculine
éventail, masculine
everest, masculine
évier, masculine
évolutionnisme, masculine
évrard, masculine
evzone, masculine
examinateur, masculine
excavateur, masculine
excédent, masculine
excès, masculine
excitant, masculine
excrément, masculine
exemplaire, masculine
exercice, masculine
exhibitionnisme, masculine
exicateur, masculine
exil, masculine
existentialisme, masculine
exode, masculine
exorcisme, masculine
exosquelette, masculine
exotisme, masculine
expédient, masculine
expéditeur, masculine
expérimentateur, masculine
expert, masculine
explosif, masculine
exportateur, masculine
exposant, masculine
exposé, masculine
expressionnisme, masculine
expresso, masculine
brestoise, feminine
bretèche, feminine
bretesse, feminine
brette, feminine
bretzel, masculine
brève, feminine
bréville, masculine
bri, feminine
bricoleuse, feminine
bridée, feminine
bridgeuse, feminine
brigadière, feminine
brigandine, feminine
brigantine, feminine
brillance, feminine
brillantine, feminine
brimade, feminine
brimeuse, feminine
brinde, feminine
brindes, feminine
extincteur, masculine
extrait, masculine
extraverti, masculine
extrémisme, masculine
extrêmophile, masculine
baumier, masculine
bavardeur, masculine
baveur, masculine
bavolet, masculine
bayard, masculine
bayart, masculine
bayésianisme, masculine
bayou, masculine
bayraktar, masculine
bayram, masculine
bazooka, masculine
bazou, masculine
bdelloïde, masculine
bdellomètre, masculine
bea, masculine
beach, masculine
beagle, masculine
béal, masculine
béarn, masculine
béat, masculine
beatles, masculine
beauf, masculine
beaufort, masculine
beaujolais, masculine
beaupré, masculine
beauvais, masculine
bécancour, masculine
bécard, masculine
bécasseau, masculine
becfigue, masculine
bêchage, masculine
bécher, masculine
bêcheur, masculine
béchique, masculine
bêchoir, masculine
bécot, masculine
becquerel, masculine
becquet, masculine
becquetage, masculine
bédane, masculine
bedeau, masculine
bédégar, masculine
bédo, masculine
bedon, masculine
beefsteak, masculine
béement, masculine
beffroi, masculine
bégayeur, masculine
béguètement, masculine
béguinage, masculine
béhavioralisme, masculine
behaviorisme, masculine
behaviourisme, masculine
béjaune, masculine
belcourt, masculine
bêlement, masculine
belgicisme, masculine
bélial, masculine
bélinogramme, masculine
bélinographe, masculine
bélisaire, masculine
bélître, masculine
bélize, masculine
bélizien, masculine
bellastre, masculine
bellâtre, masculine
bellecombe, masculine
belluaire, masculine
belosse, masculine
belouga, masculine
belsunce, masculine
béluga, masculine
belvédère, masculine
ben, masculine
bénard, masculine
benchiba, masculine
bendir, masculine
bendo, masculine
bénédicité, masculine
bénef, masculine
bénéfactif, masculine
benêt, masculine
bénévolat, masculine
benfluorex, masculine
béninois, masculine
bénitier, masculine
benjoin, masculine
benoit, masculine
benoiton, masculine
bentaillou, masculine
benzaldéhyde, masculine
benzanthracène, masculine
benzoate, masculine
benzodiazépine, masculine
benzol, masculine
benzolisme, masculine
benzopyrène, masculine
béotien, masculine
béotisme, masculine
bépo, masculine
giselle, feminine
glace, feminine
glaciation, feminine
glaciologie, feminine
glaubérite, feminine
glauconite, feminine
glissade, feminine
glissière, feminine
globalisation, feminine
globalité, feminine
globine, feminine
globule, masculine
globuline, feminine
gloire, feminine
glorification, feminine
gloriole, feminine
glose, feminine
glottochronologie, feminine
gloutonnerie, feminine
glutamine, feminine
glycérine, feminine
glycine, feminine
glycogénogénèse, feminine
glycogénolyse, masculine
glycolyse, feminine
glycoprotéine, feminine
gnose, feminine
gnostique, masculine
godeleine, feminine
godeliève, feminine
gomme, feminine
gonadolibérine, feminine
gondole, feminine
gonflette, feminine
gorgée, feminine
gothique, masculine
gouache, feminine
goubernia, feminine
goujaterie, feminine
goulash, masculine
goule, feminine
gourde, feminine
gourgandine, feminine
gourmette, feminine
gourou, masculine
goyave, feminine
grâce, feminine
gracieuseté, feminine
graine, feminine
graisse, feminine
grammaire, feminine
grandeur, feminine
grange, feminine
granola, masculine
graphique, masculine
gratification, feminine
gratitude, feminine
gravidité, feminine
gravitation, feminine
grèce, feminine
grecque, feminine
greffe, masculine
grêle, feminine
grenade, feminine
griffe, feminine
grille, feminine
grive, feminine
groenlandaise, feminine
groseille, feminine
grosse, feminine
grossesse, feminine
grosseur, feminine
grossièreté, feminine
grue, feminine
guadeloupe, feminine
guadeloupéenne, feminine
guanine, feminine
gueldre, feminine
guenon, feminine
guêpe, feminine
guérison, feminine
guérisseuse, feminine
gueule, feminine
gueuse, feminine
guidoline, feminine
guigne, feminine
guilde, feminine
guillaumette, feminine
guillemette, feminine
guillotine, feminine
guimbarde, feminine
guinée, feminine
guinéenne, feminine
guirlande, feminine
guyane, feminine
gwenaëlle, feminine
gwendoline, feminine
gymnastique, feminine
gymnopédies, feminine
gymnophobie, feminine
gynécologie, feminine
gynécomastie, feminine
habileté, feminine
habilitation, feminine
habitation, feminine
habituation, feminine
habitude, feminine
hagiographie, feminine
hagiologie, feminine
haie, feminine
haleine, feminine
halitose, feminine
hallebarde, feminine
hallucination, feminine
halogénation, feminine
halorhodopsine, feminine
hambourgeoise, feminine
hanoï, feminine
hanovrienne, feminine
haploïde, masculine
haptophobie, feminine
harangue, feminine
hardiesse, feminine
harissa, feminine
harmonie, feminine
harmonisation, feminine
harpaxophobie, feminine
harpe, feminine
harpie, feminine
hâte, feminine
bringelle, feminine
brione, feminine
brionine, feminine
briqueterie, feminine
briquette, feminine
brisac, masculine
briseuse, feminine
brisque, feminine
bristolienne, feminine
brisure, feminine
haute, feminine
brixton, feminine
brize, feminine
brocanteuse, feminine
brocatelle, feminine
brocheuse, feminine
brogane, feminine
broglie, masculine
broigne, feminine
broméliacée, feminine
bromélie, feminine
bromocriptine, feminine
bromopicrine, feminine
bronca, feminine
bronchiectasie, feminine
bronchiole, feminine
bronchiolite, feminine
bronchoscopie, feminine
bronzette, feminine
bronzeuse, feminine
brosserie, feminine
brossière, feminine
brouettée, feminine
brouillade, feminine
brouillasse, feminine
broulard, masculine
broussarde, feminine
broutille, feminine
broyeuse, feminine
brucella, feminine
brucelles, feminine
brucellose, feminine
bruche, feminine
brucine, feminine
brugeoise, feminine
bruiteuse, feminine
brûleuse, feminine
brunante, feminine
brunelle, feminine
brunette, feminine
brünichite, feminine
brunisseuse, feminine
brunoise, feminine
fabien, masculine
fabrice, masculine
facebooker, masculine
facteur, masculine
faible, masculine
failli, masculine
fainéant, masculine
fairplay, masculine
faisan, masculine
faîte, masculine
fakir, masculine
falot, masculine
falsificateur, masculine
fana, masculine
fanatisme, masculine
fanfaron, masculine
fanion, masculine
fantassin, masculine
fantastique, masculine
fantoche, masculine
farceur, masculine
fascisme, masculine
faste, masculine
fatalisme, masculine
fatum, masculine
faubourg, masculine
faucheur, masculine
fausset, masculine
brutale, feminine
bruxellisation, feminine
bruz, feminine
bryologie, feminine
buandière, feminine
buche, feminine
bûchette, feminine
bûcheuse, feminine
buée, feminine
buffeterie, feminine
buffleterie, feminine
bufflonne, feminine
bugle, masculine
buglosse, feminine
bugne, feminine
bugrane, feminine
bui, masculine
buisine, feminine
bulgarisation, feminine
bullshit, feminine
bure, feminine
burelle, feminine
burette, feminine
burle, feminine
burne, feminine
bursite, feminine
burundaise, feminine
buryatie, feminine
businesswoman, feminine
butch, feminine
butée, feminine
buteuse, feminine
butineuse, feminine
butyrine, feminine
buveuse, feminine
byssinose, feminine
byzantinologie, feminine
fauvisme, masculine
favori, masculine
fayzabad, masculine
fédéralisme, masculine
félicien, masculine
félin, masculine
félix, masculine
fellah, masculine
femtomètre, masculine
fémur, masculine
fenil, masculine
fennec, masculine
fenouil, masculine
fenugrec, masculine
ferdinand, masculine
fermage, masculine
fermion, masculine
fermium, masculine
fernand, masculine
féroïen, masculine
ferrarais, masculine
ferrare, masculine
ferromanganèse, masculine
ferry, masculine
fervent, masculine
festin, masculine
festival, masculine
fêtard, masculine
fétiche, masculine
fétichisme, masculine
feuillage, masculine
feuillet, masculine
feuilleton, masculine
feuillu, masculine
fez, masculine
fiancé, masculine
fibrinogène, masculine
fibroblaste, masculine
fibrome, masculine
fichier, masculine
fidéjusseur, masculine
fidèle, masculine
fidjien, masculine
fif, masculine
fifre, masculine
figaro, masculine
figuier, masculine
figurant, masculine
cabaretière, feminine
câblerie, feminine
câblodiffusion, feminine
câblodistribution, feminine
caboche, feminine
cabriole, feminine
cacaotière, feminine
cacaoyère, feminine
cachemirie, feminine
cacherout, feminine
cacheroute, feminine
cachexie, feminine
cachucha, feminine
cacochymie, feminine
cacologie, feminine
cacosmie, feminine
cacqueteuse, feminine
cactacée, feminine
filigrane, masculine
filipino, masculine
filleul, masculine
film, masculine
filon, masculine
filou, masculine
filtre, masculine
finalisme, masculine
financement, masculine
financier, masculine
finlandais, masculine
finn, masculine
finnois, masculine
firmament, masculine
fisc, masculine
fixateur, masculine
fjord, masculine
flageolet, masculine
flamand, masculine
flamant, masculine
flambeau, masculine
flanc, masculine
flâneur, masculine
flatteur, masculine
fléau, masculine
flet, masculine
flétan, masculine
flocon, masculine
floréal, masculine
florent, masculine
florentin, masculine
florian, masculine
florilège, masculine
florin, masculine
flot, masculine
flotteur, masculine
fluconazole, masculine
fluide, masculine
flunitrazépam, masculine
fluor, masculine
fluorophore, masculine
fluorouracile, feminine
flux, masculine
foehn, masculine
fœticide, masculine
fœtus, masculine
föhn, masculine
folklore, masculine
fomentateur, masculine
fonctionnement, masculine
fond, masculine
fondamentalisme, masculine
fondateur, masculine
fondement, masculine
fonds, masculine
foot, masculine
football, masculine
footballeur, masculine
béquet, masculine
béquillard, masculine
ber, masculine
bérabich, masculine
berbérisant, masculine
berbérisme, masculine
berbouisset, masculine
bercement, masculine
bercy, masculine
berdache, masculine
beresford, masculine
bergerac, masculine
bergeron, masculine
berimbau, masculine
bérimbau, masculine
berkélate, masculine
berlingot, masculine
berlugan, masculine
bernard, masculine
berneur, masculine
bernon, masculine
berrani, masculine
berrichon, masculine
berry, masculine
bersaglier, masculine
berserk, masculine
berthon, masculine
bertillonnage, masculine
bérytien, masculine
besac, masculine
besacier, masculine
besant, masculine
besantin, masculine
besson, masculine
bestiac, masculine
bestiaire, masculine
bestiau, masculine
bestiaux, masculine
bêtatron, masculine
betchat, masculine
bétel, masculine
bêtisier, masculine
bétonnage, masculine
bettembos, masculine
bétyle, masculine
beurrage, masculine
bévatron, masculine
bey, masculine
beylicat, masculine
bézoard, masculine
bfile, masculine
bhojpuri, masculine
biacide, masculine
biaisement, masculine
biarrot, masculine
bibacier, masculine
bibelot, masculine
bibelotage, masculine
bibeloteur, masculine
bibelotier, masculine
bibi, masculine
bibliobus, masculine
bic, masculine
bicâblage, masculine
bicaméralisme, masculine
bicamérisme, masculine
bicarbonate, masculine
bicarbure, masculine
biceps, masculine
bichelamar, masculine
bichlamar, masculine
bichlorure, masculine
bichof, masculine
bichon, masculine
bichonnage, masculine
bickford, masculine
bicoquet, masculine
bicorne, masculine
bicot, masculine
biculturalisme, masculine
bidart, masculine
bident, masculine
bidou, masculine
bidouillage, masculine
bief, masculine
bienvenu, masculine
bienvenutage, masculine
bierstub, masculine
bièvre, masculine
bif, masculine
biface, masculine
biff, masculine
biffage, masculine
biffeton, masculine
hauteur, feminine
hawaï, feminine
haydée, feminine
hécatombe, feminine
hédonophobie, feminine
hégémonie, feminine
hélène, feminine
hélice, feminine
héliopause, feminine
héloïse, feminine
helsinki, feminine
hématologie, feminine
hématophobie, feminine
hématopoïèse, feminine
hématurie, feminine
hémicellulose, feminine
hémisomatectomie, feminine
hémodynamique, feminine
hémoglobinopathie, feminine
hémoglobinurie, feminine
hémolyse, feminine
hémophilie, feminine
hémoptysie, feminine
hémorroïdes, feminine
henriette, feminine
héparine, feminine
hépatectomie, feminine
hépatite, feminine
hépatosplénomégalie, feminine
hépatotoxicité, feminine
heptarchie, feminine
heptode, feminine
héraldique, feminine
herbe, feminine
herboristerie, feminine
herculanum, masculine
hérédité, feminine
hérésie, feminine
hermine, feminine
herminette, feminine
héroïne, feminine
héroïnomanie, feminine
herpétophobie, feminine
herse, feminine
herzégovine, feminine
hésitation, feminine
hesse, feminine
hessienne, feminine
hétérochromatine, feminine
hétérodontie, feminine
hétérodoxie, feminine
hétérogamie, feminine
hétéronomie, feminine
hétérophorie, feminine
hétéroprotéine, feminine
hétérosexualité, feminine
hétérosis, feminine
hétérothallie, feminine
hétérotopie, feminine
hétérotrophie, feminine
hêtraie, feminine
heuristique, feminine
hexakosioihexekontahexaphobie, feminine
hexokinase, feminine
hibernation, feminine
hideur, feminine
hiérogamie, feminine
hiérosolymitaine, feminine
hijra, masculine
hindutva, feminine
hippologie, feminine
histologie, feminine
histone, feminine
histopathologie, feminine
historienne, feminine
historiette, feminine
hodophobie, feminine
hollandaise, feminine
hollande, feminine
homélie, feminine
homéostasie, feminine
homichlophobie, feminine
homilétique, feminine
hominidé, masculine
homogamie, feminine
homonymie, feminine
homophobie, feminine
homophonie, feminine
homosexualité, feminine
homozygote, masculine
hongrie, feminine
hongroise, feminine
honorine, feminine
horde, feminine
horméphobie, feminine
horreur, feminine
hortense, feminine
horticultrice, feminine
horticulture, feminine
hospitalisation, feminine
hostie, feminine
hôtesse, feminine
hotte, feminine
houe, feminine
houille, feminine
houle, masculine
houlette, feminine
huguette, feminine
huitre, feminine
huître, feminine
humeur, feminine
humilité, feminine
huppe, feminine
hybristophilie, feminine
hydratation, feminine
hydraulique, feminine
hydre, feminine
hydrobiologie, feminine
hydrocèle, feminine
hydrocéphale, masculine
hydrocéphalie, feminine
hydrodynamique, feminine
hydroélectricité, feminine
hydrogénation, feminine
hydrogéologie, feminine
hydrologie, feminine
hydrolyse, feminine
hydrométrie, feminine
hydrophyte, masculine
hydroquinone, feminine
hydrosphère, feminine
hydrostatique, feminine
hydrotechnique, feminine
hydrothérapie, feminine
cade, masculine
cadène, feminine
cadenette, feminine
cadienne, feminine
cadière, feminine
cadjinne, feminine
cadmie, feminine
cadreuse, feminine
caducité, feminine
caduque, feminine
cæcile, feminine
cæcilie, feminine
caecum, feminine
caennaise, feminine
cæsarée, feminine
caféicultrice, feminine
caféiculture, feminine
hydroxylamine, feminine
hydroxylation, feminine
hygrophobie, feminine
hylophobie, feminine
hyménoplastie, feminine
hypégiaphobie, feminine
hyperacidité, feminine
hyperactivité, feminine
hyperalgésie, feminine
caféteria, feminine
cafétéria, feminine
caféterie, feminine
cafétérie, feminine
cagarelle, feminine
cagette, feminine
cagliaritaine, feminine
cagna, feminine
cagnotte, feminine
cagoterie, feminine
cagouille, feminine
cagoularde, feminine
cahba, feminine
cahute, feminine
cahutte, feminine
caïdat, feminine
caiète, feminine
caillera, feminine
caillette, feminine
caissette, feminine
cajolerie, feminine
calabasse, feminine
calade, feminine
calaisienne, feminine
calamine, feminine
calanque, feminine
calcédoine, feminine
calcéolaire, feminine
calcination, feminine
calcineurine, feminine
calcite, feminine
calciurie, feminine
calculabilité, feminine
calcutta, feminine
calebasse, feminine
caléfaction, feminine
calenda, feminine
calende, feminine
calendule, feminine
calenduline, feminine
câlinerie, feminine
calinotade, feminine
câlinothérapie, feminine
calisthénie, feminine
calixthe, feminine
calla, masculine
callosité, feminine
callune, feminine
calorimètre, feminine
calotte, feminine
caloyère, feminine
cam, masculine
camarde, feminine
camarine, feminine
camboricienne, feminine
cambrésine, feminine
cambrousse, feminine
cambrure, feminine
cambuse, feminine
camélée, feminine
cameline, feminine
camelle, feminine
camérawoman, feminine
camériste, feminine
camionneuse, feminine
camisole, feminine
camorra, feminine
camphorée, feminine
camphorine, feminine
camptothécine, feminine
campurgne, feminine
can, feminine
canaillerie, feminine
forestier, masculine
foret, masculine
forint, masculine
formalisme, masculine
formateur, masculine
formatrice, feminine
formulaire, masculine
fort, masculine
fossé, masculine
fossile, masculine
fossoyeur, masculine
fouet, masculine
fouillis, masculine
foulard, masculine
four, masculine
fourmilier, masculine
fourneau, masculine
fourrage, masculine
fourreau, masculine
fourreur, masculine
foutre, masculine
foyer, masculine
frais, masculine
fraisier, masculine
framboisier, masculine
franc, masculine
franchisage, masculine
francis, masculine
franciscain, masculine
franck, masculine
françois, masculine
frangin, masculine
canamelle, feminine
canardière, feminine
canasta, feminine
cancaneuse, feminine
cancérisation, feminine
canche, feminine
candidate, feminine
canelle, feminine
canepetière, feminine
canéphore, feminine
cange, feminine
cangue, feminine
frank, masculine
fratricide, masculine
frédéric, masculine
freemium, masculine
freinage, masculine
frelon, masculine
frémissement, masculine
frêne, masculine
fric, masculine
frigidaire, masculine
frigo, masculine
frimaire, masculine
frioulan, masculine
frison, masculine
frisson, masculine
froissement, masculine
froment, masculine
froncement, masculine
frondeur, masculine
fronton, masculine
frottement, masculine
froussard, masculine
fructidor, masculine
fructivorisme, masculine
fructose, masculine
fruit, masculine
fruitarien, masculine
fruitarisme, masculine
fucus, masculine
fuel, masculine
fugitif, masculine
fumeur, masculine
fumier, masculine
fumoir, masculine
funiculaire, masculine
furet, masculine
furieux, masculine
furoncle, masculine
fuseau, masculine
fuselage, masculine
fusible, masculine
fusil, masculine
fusionnement, masculine
fustet, masculine
futur, masculine
futurisme, masculine
fuyard, masculine
gabarit, masculine
gabriel, masculine
gâchis, masculine
gadolinium, masculine
gaël, masculine
gaétan, masculine
gaëtan, masculine
gagaouze, masculine
gage, masculine
gagnant, masculine
gaijin, masculine
gaillard, masculine
gain, masculine
galanga, masculine
galant, masculine
galère, feminine
galette, feminine
galicien, masculine
galiot, masculine
gallicisme, masculine
gallium, masculine
gallois, masculine
gallon, masculine
galon, masculine
galopin, masculine
galvanomètre, masculine
gambit, masculine
gamète, masculine
gamétophyte, masculine
gange, masculine
ganglion, masculine
garant, masculine
gardien, masculine
gardon, masculine
gargamel, masculine
gargantua, masculine
gargarisme, masculine
gargouillement, masculine
garnement, masculine
garrot, masculine
garuda, masculine
garum, masculine
gascon, masculine
gaspacho, masculine
gaspard, masculine
gaston, masculine
gaucher, masculine
gaufrier, masculine
gaulois, masculine
gaz, masculine
gazaoui, masculine
gazébo, masculine
biffin, masculine
bifröst, masculine
biftèque, masculine
bifton, masculine
big, masculine
bigaradier, masculine
bigarreau, masculine
bigbang, masculine
bigle, masculine
bigntz, masculine
bigo, masculine
bigophone, masculine
gazoduc, masculine
gazole, masculine
gazouillement, masculine
geai, masculine
géant, masculine
gecko, masculine
gekko, masculine
gémeaux, masculine
gémissement, masculine
bigorneau, masculine
bigotisme, masculine
bigotphone, masculine
bigouden, masculine
bigre, masculine
bihebdomadaire, masculine
bihoreau, masculine
biker, masculine
bikeur, masculine
bilame, masculine
bilatérien, masculine
bilboquet, masculine
bill, masculine
billon, masculine
billonnage, masculine
biloute, masculine
bimbelot, masculine
bimestre, masculine
bimillénaire, masculine
binage, masculine
binaire, masculine
binard, masculine
bindslev, masculine
binedama, masculine
bineur, masculine
bingo, masculine
binoclard, masculine
binocle, masculine
binot, masculine
binz, masculine
biocapteur, masculine
biodéchet, masculine
biodémographie, masculine
biodiésel, masculine
bioflavonoïde, masculine
biogaz, masculine
bioindicateur, masculine
biologue, masculine
biomagnétisme, masculine
biomarquer, masculine
biomatériau, masculine
biomédicament, masculine
biomimétisme, masculine
biomorphisme, masculine
biopellicule, masculine
biopic, masculine
bioplastique, masculine
bioprogramme, masculine
biorécepteur, masculine
biorévélateur, masculine
bioscope, masculine
biostatisticien, masculine
biostrome, masculine
biosystème, masculine
biot, masculine
bioterrorisme, masculine
bioterroriste, masculine
bip, masculine
bipartisme, masculine
bipède, masculine
bipeur, masculine
bipied, masculine
bipm, masculine
biquet, masculine
birapport, masculine
birbe, masculine
birdie, masculine
biréacteur, masculine
birr, masculine
bis, masculine
biscaïen, masculine
biscayen, masculine
bischof, masculine
biscôme, masculine
biscotin, masculine
biscotto, masculine
biscottos, masculine
biscuitier, masculine
biseau, masculine
biseautage, masculine
biset, masculine
bishnoï, masculine
bismuthine, masculine
bisontin, masculine
bisphénol, masculine
bispirituel, masculine
bisquain, masculine
bissac, masculine
bissel, masculine
bissexte, masculine
bisteu, masculine
bistrage, masculine
bistre, masculine
bistrotier, masculine
bisulfure, masculine
bitcoin, masculine
bitcoineur, masculine
biterrois, masculine
bitord, masculine
bitumage, masculine
bitumier, masculine
bivalve, masculine
bivouac, masculine
bizou, masculine
bizut, masculine
hyperammoniémie, feminine
hyperbole, feminine
hypercholestérolémie, feminine
hypergamie, feminine
hyperglycémie, feminine
hyperhidrose, feminine
hyperinflation, feminine
hyperlipémie, feminine
hypermétropie, feminine
hyperréaliste, masculine
hyperréalité, feminine
hypersensibilité, feminine
hypersexualité, feminine
hypersomnie, feminine
hypertension, feminine
hypertextualité, feminine
hyperthermie, feminine
hyperthyroïdie, feminine
hypertrophie, feminine
hyperuricémie, feminine
hypervitaminose, feminine
hypnophobie, feminine
hypoacousie, feminine
hypocalcémie, feminine
hypocondriaque, masculine
hypocondrie, feminine
hypocrétine, feminine
hypocrisie, feminine
hypoglycémie, feminine
hypomanie, feminine
hyponatrémie, feminine
hypophyse, feminine
hyporéflexie, feminine
hypoténuse, feminine
hypothèque, feminine
hypothèse, feminine
hypothyroïdie, feminine
hypoxanthine, feminine
hypoxie, feminine
hysope, feminine
hystérectomie, feminine
hystérésis, masculine
hystérie, feminine
ibiza, feminine
ichtyologie, feminine
ichtyophthiriose, feminine
iconographie, feminine
idarubicine, feminine
idéalité, feminine
identification, feminine
idéographie, feminine
idiopathie, feminine
idiosyncrasie, masculine
idolâtrie, feminine
idole, feminine
idylle, feminine
iekaterinbourg, masculine
igname, feminine
ignominie, feminine
ignorance, feminine
ile, feminine
iléostomie, feminine
illégalité, feminine
illustratrice, feminine
imagination, feminine
imago, feminine
imbécile, masculine
imbibition, feminine
immanence, feminine
immatérialité, feminine
immatriculation, feminine
immaturité, feminine
immigrante, feminine
immigration, feminine
immigrée, feminine
imminence, feminine
immobilisation, feminine
immoralité, feminine
immortalité, feminine
immunité, feminine
immunologie, feminine
immunopathologie, feminine
immunosuppression, feminine
immunothérapie, feminine
impactite, feminine
impanation, feminine
impartialité, feminine
impasse, feminine
impatience, feminine
impédance, feminine
impératrice, feminine
impérialiste, masculine
impertinence, feminine
imperturbabilité, feminine
impétuosité, feminine
implication, feminine
impolitesse, feminine
importation, feminine
imposition, feminine
impotence, feminine
imprécision, feminine
impression, feminine
imprévisibilité, feminine
imprévoyance, feminine
imprimante, feminine
imprimerie, feminine
improductivité, feminine
impudeur, feminine
impulsion, feminine
inactivation, feminine
inactivité, feminine
inadvertance, feminine
inattention, feminine
inauguration, feminine
inauthenticité, feminine
incantation, feminine
incarnation, feminine
incartade, feminine
incertitude, feminine
incision, feminine
incitation, feminine
inclinaison, feminine
incohérence, feminine
incombustibilité, feminine
incompatibilité, feminine
incompétence, feminine
inconnue, feminine
inconscience, feminine
incontinence, feminine
incorporation, feminine
incorrection, feminine
incrédulité, feminine
incroyance, feminine
incroyante, feminine
incurie, feminine
incursion, feminine
inde, feminine
indemnisation, feminine
indemnité, feminine
indéterministe, masculine
indexation, feminine
canique, feminine
canitie, feminine
cannamelle, feminine
cannelure, feminine
cannette, feminine
canneuse, feminine
cannibalisation, feminine
cannoise, feminine
cannonière, feminine
canonicité, feminine
canonnade, feminine
canonnière, feminine
canope, masculine
canopée, feminine
canotière, feminine
cantate, feminine
cantautrice, feminine
cantharide, feminine
cantharidine, feminine
cantillation, feminine
cantinière, feminine
cantoche, feminine
cantonade, feminine
cantonaise, feminine
cantonnière, feminine
canule, feminine
canuse, feminine
canzone, feminine
cao, feminine
caouanne, feminine
capeline, feminine
capernaüm, feminine
capésienne, feminine
capillarite, feminine
capillarité, feminine
capillicultrice, feminine
capilliculture, feminine
capilotade, feminine
capitainerie, feminine
capitation, feminine
capnie, feminine
caponnière, feminine
capoue, feminine
câpre, masculine
câpresse, feminine
capriole, feminine
capsaïsine, feminine
capse, feminine
capside, feminine
gendre, masculine
gène, masculine
générateur, masculine
générique, masculine
genêt, masculine
généticien, masculine
genevois, masculine
genévrier, masculine
gengoult, masculine
génie, masculine
genièvre, masculine
géniteur, masculine
génitif, masculine
génocide, masculine
génois, masculine
génome, masculine
génotype, masculine
géocentrisme, masculine
géodésien, masculine
géoglyphe, masculine
géographique, masculine
geôlier, masculine
géophysicien, masculine
géopolymère, masculine
georges, masculine
géorgien, masculine
captation, feminine
captatrice, feminine
capture, feminine
capverdienne, feminine
caq, feminine
caque, feminine
carabinière, feminine
carabistouille, feminine
caracole, feminine
caractérisation, feminine
caraïbes, feminine
caralp, masculine
carambole, feminine
carambouille, feminine
caravanière, feminine
carbochimie, feminine
carbochloration, feminine
carboglace, feminine
carbonatation, feminine
carbonisation, feminine
carbonitruration, feminine
carbonnade, feminine
carboréduction, feminine
carboxyhémoglobine, feminine
carboxylase, feminine
carboxyméthylcellulose, feminine
carcinogénèse, feminine
cardabelle, feminine
cardamine, feminine
carde, feminine
cardère, feminine
cardeuse, feminine
cardia, feminine
cardialgie, feminine
cardinalité, feminine
cardiographie, feminine
cardioïde, feminine
cardiopathie, feminine
cardiotomie, feminine
cardite, feminine
cardoncelle, feminine
cardousse, feminine
careiche, feminine
carélie, feminine
carène, feminine
gérald, masculine
géranium, feminine
gérant, masculine
gérard, masculine
gerfaut, masculine
germain, masculine
germanisme, masculine
germanium, masculine
germe, masculine
germinal, masculine
gérôme, masculine
gérondif, masculine
gervais, masculine
gestapo, masculine
geste, feminine
ghana, masculine
ghassoul, masculine
ghetto, masculine
ghislain, masculine
gibier, masculine
gibraltar, masculine
gigabyte, masculine
gigantisme, masculine
gilbert, masculine
gilet, masculine
gilles, masculine
gin, masculine
gingembre, masculine
gingérol, masculine
ginseng, masculine
girofle, masculine
giroflier, masculine
girondin, masculine
gitan, masculine
givre, masculine
glacier, masculine
glaçon, masculine
gladiateur, masculine
glaïeul, masculine
gland, masculine
glissement, masculine
globe, masculine
gloussement, masculine
glouton, masculine
gloxinia, masculine
glucagon, masculine
glucide, masculine
glucomètre, masculine
glucose, masculine
glume, feminine
glutamate, masculine
glutathion, masculine
glycéride, masculine
glycérius, masculine
glycérol, masculine
glycogène, masculine
glycomètre, masculine
cargèse, feminine
cariatide, feminine
carin, feminine
carina, feminine
carling, masculine
carlingue, feminine
carmagnole, feminine
carmélite, feminine
carnavaleuse, feminine
carnification, feminine
carnivorie, feminine
carolane, feminine
carolanne, feminine
carolines, feminine
caronade, feminine
caroncule, feminine
carotide, feminine
glycosaminoglycane, masculine
gnangnan, masculine
gnome, masculine
gnosticisme, masculine
gnou, masculine
gobelet, masculine
godefroy, masculine
godzilla, masculine
goéland, masculine
golf, masculine
golfe, masculine
goliath, masculine
gombo, masculine
gommage, masculine
gondolier, masculine
gonflement, masculine
goret, masculine
gosier, masculine
goudjarati, masculine
gouffre, masculine
goujon, masculine
goulag, masculine
goulot, masculine
goupillon, masculine
gourdin, masculine
gourmand, masculine
goût, masculine
gouter, masculine
goûter, masculine
gouvernail, masculine
gouverneur, masculine
gradient, masculine
graffeur, masculine
graffiteur, masculine
grain, masculine
graissage, masculine
grammairien, masculine
gramme, masculine
gramophone, masculine
granit, masculine
granulocyte, masculine
bizuth, masculine
blabla, masculine
blablabla, masculine
blackboulage, masculine
blagnac, masculine
blaignac, masculine
blair, masculine
blairisme, masculine
blanchet, masculine
blanchiment, masculine
blanchissant, masculine
blanchissement, masculine
blanchisseur, masculine
blanchon, masculine
blanco, masculine
blanquisme, masculine
blase, masculine
blasement, masculine
blasonnement, masculine
blasphémateur, masculine
blaste, masculine
blastème, masculine
blastocyste, masculine
blastoderme, masculine
blastodisque, masculine
blastome, masculine
blastomère, masculine
blastopore, masculine
blatèrement, masculine
blazer, masculine
bleausard, masculine
bled, masculine
blédard, masculine
blème, masculine
blêmissement, masculine
blende, masculine
blèsement, masculine
blésement, masculine
blessé, masculine
blettissement, masculine
bleuets, masculine
bleuissement, masculine
bliaud, masculine
bliaut, masculine
blindage, masculine
blindé, masculine
blini, masculine
blister, masculine
blob, masculine
blockbuster, masculine
blockhaus, masculine
bloggeur, masculine
blois, masculine
blondinet, masculine
bloomer, masculine
bloqueur, masculine
bluejean, masculine
bluffeur, masculine
blush, masculine
blutage, masculine
blutoir, masculine
bob, masculine
bobard, masculine
bobeur, masculine
bobigny, masculine
bobinage, masculine
bobineur, masculine
bobinoir, masculine
boc, masculine
bocage, masculine
bocard, masculine
bock, masculine
bodybuilding, masculine
boeuf, masculine
bog, masculine
bogatyr, masculine
bogey, masculine
bogie, masculine
bogoss, masculine
boguet, masculine
boguey, masculine
bohémien, masculine
bohémium, masculine
boïar, masculine
boiler, masculine
boisé, masculine
boisement, masculine
boisselier, masculine
boissezon, masculine
boiteux, masculine
boitier, masculine
boîtier, masculine
bokmål, masculine
boko, masculine
bolchevisme, masculine
bolchévisme, masculine
boléro, masculine
bolet, masculine
indigence, feminine
indigestion, feminine
indignation, feminine
indignité, feminine
indiscrétion, feminine
indisposition, feminine
indivisibilité, feminine
indochine, feminine
indocilité, feminine
indolence, feminine
indologie, feminine
indologue, masculine
indométacine, feminine
indonésie, feminine
indonésienne, feminine
induction, feminine
indulgence, feminine
industrie, feminine
ineffectivité, feminine
inefficacité, feminine
inégalité, feminine
inéluctabilité, feminine
inertie, feminine
inès, feminine
inévitabilité, feminine
inexistence, feminine
infaisabilité, feminine
infanterie, feminine
infanticide, masculine
infiltration, feminine
infinité, feminine
infirmerie, feminine
infirmière, feminine
infirmité, feminine
inflation, feminine
infliction, feminine
inflorescence, feminine
influenza, masculine
infolettre, feminine
informateur, masculine
informaticien, masculine
informatique, feminine
informatisation, feminine
informatrice, feminine
infraction, feminine
infrastructure, feminine
infroissabilité, feminine
infusion, feminine
ingénierie, feminine
ingénuité, feminine
ingérence, feminine
ingestion, feminine
ingrate, feminine
ingratitude, feminine
ingrid, feminine
inhabileté, feminine
inhalation, feminine
inintelligence, feminine
injonction, feminine
injure, feminine
innocuité, feminine
inondation, feminine
inosine, feminine
inquiétude, feminine
insatisfaction, feminine
inscription, feminine
insécurité, feminine
insémination, feminine
insensibilité, feminine
insignifiance, feminine
insincérité, feminine
insinuation, feminine
insolvabilité, feminine
insomnie, feminine
insoumission, feminine
inspection, feminine
inspiration, feminine
instabilité, feminine
installation, feminine
instauration, feminine
institution, feminine
institutrice, feminine
instruction, feminine
insuffisance, feminine
insuline, feminine
insulinorésistance, feminine
insulte, feminine
insurrection, feminine
intégrale, feminine
intégralité, feminine
intégrase, feminine
intégration, feminine
intégrité, feminine
intellectualisation, feminine
intemporalité, feminine
intention, feminine
interaction, feminine
intercession, feminine
interdépendance, feminine
interdiction, feminine
interdisciplinarité, feminine
interjection, feminine
interleukine, feminine
interlingua, feminine
intermittence, feminine
interpolation, feminine
intersexualité, feminine
intimidation, feminine
intimité, feminine
intolérance, feminine
intonation, feminine
intoxication, feminine
intrépidité, feminine
intrigue, feminine
introjection, feminine
intrusion, feminine
intuition, feminine
inuline, feminine
invalidité, feminine
invective, feminine
invention, feminine
invertase, feminine
invisibilité, feminine
invitation, feminine
invocation, feminine
ionisation, feminine
ionone, masculine
ionosphère, feminine
irakienne, feminine
iranienne, feminine
ire, feminine
irène, feminine
iridescence, feminine
irlandaise, feminine
irlande, feminine
ironie, feminine
irradiation, feminine
irrégularité, feminine
irréligion, feminine
irreligiosité, feminine
irritabilité, feminine
isabelle, feminine
isaure, feminine
ischémie, feminine
iseult, feminine
isis, feminine
islamisation, feminine
islamophobie, feminine
islandaise, feminine
islande, feminine
isolation, feminine
isolationniste, masculine
isotrétinoïne, feminine
israélienne, feminine
istrie, feminine
granulome, masculine
graphène, masculine
graphite, masculine
gratien, masculine
gratin, masculine
grattoir, masculine
gravier, masculine
grèbe, masculine
grec, masculine
gredin, masculine
greenwashing, masculine
greffier, masculine
grégoire, masculine
grégory, masculine
grelot, masculine
grenadier, masculine
grenadin, masculine
grenier, masculine
grès, masculine
gréviste, masculine
griffon, masculine
griffonnage, masculine
grigou, masculine
griko, masculine
grillage, masculine
grimpeur, masculine
grisou, masculine
grizzli, masculine
groenland, masculine
groenlandais, masculine
grognement, masculine
groin, masculine
grondement, masculine
gros, masculine
grotesque, masculine
carotteuse, feminine
carottière, feminine
carottine, feminine
caroube, feminine
carouge, masculine
carpette, feminine
carpocapse, feminine
carqueiranne, feminine
carraghénane, masculine
carre, feminine
carrée, feminine
carreleuse, feminine
carriole, feminine
groupeur, masculine
growler, masculine
gruau, masculine
grunge, masculine
guacamole, masculine
guadalquivir, masculine
guadeloupéen, masculine
guarana, masculine
guatemala, masculine
gué, masculine
guépard, masculine
guêpier, masculine
guérisseur, masculine
gueshour, masculine
guet, masculine
gueux, masculine
gui, masculine
guichet, masculine
guide, masculine
guignol, masculine
guillaume, masculine
guillemet, masculine
guinéen, masculine
gujarat, masculine
gujarati, masculine
guppy, masculine
gus, masculine
gustave, masculine
guy, masculine
guyana, masculine
gwenaël, masculine
gymnase, masculine
gynandromorphe, masculine
gynocentrisme, masculine
gynophore, masculine
gypaète, masculine
gypse, masculine
habacuc, masculine
habillement, masculine
habit, masculine
habitant, masculine
habitat, masculine
habitué, masculine
hachoir, masculine
hackathon, masculine
hacker, masculine
hadith, masculine
hafnium, masculine
haillon, masculine
haïtien, masculine
hâle, masculine
hall, masculine
hallucinogène, masculine
halogène, masculine
halophile, masculine
haltère, masculine
halva, masculine
hamac, masculine
hamamélis, masculine
hambourg, feminine
hambourgeois, masculine
carrossière, feminine
carterie, feminine
carthage, feminine
carthamine, feminine
cartilagéine, feminine
cartomancienne, feminine
cartonnerie, feminine
cartonnière, feminine
cartophilie, feminine
cartothèque, feminine
cartoucherie, feminine
cartouchière, feminine
caryatide, feminine
caryocinèse, feminine
caryogamie, feminine
caryologie, feminine
caryophylline, feminine
casablanca, feminine
casaque, feminine
casbah, feminine
cascarine, feminine
cascatelle, feminine
caséification, feminine
casemate, feminine
caspienne, feminine
casse, masculine
casserolade, feminine
casseuse, feminine
hamburger, masculine
hameçon, masculine
hammam, masculine
hamster, masculine
hamza, masculine
handball, masculine
handballeur, masculine
handicap, masculine
hangar, masculine
hanneton, masculine
hanovrien, masculine
happening, masculine
haratin, masculine
harceleur, masculine
hareng, masculine
harnais, masculine
harpon, masculine
harponneur, masculine
haschich, masculine
haschisch, masculine
hassium, masculine
haubert, masculine
haussier, masculine
hautbois, masculine
havre, masculine
hawaïen, masculine
hawaiien, masculine
hazaradjat, masculine
hazaristan, masculine
hébergement, masculine
hébreu, masculine
hectare, masculine
hectolitre, masculine
hédonisme, masculine
hélicoptère, masculine
héliocentrisme, masculine
héliographe, masculine
hélioscope, masculine
héliotrope, masculine
hélium, masculine
helsinkien, masculine
hémangiome, masculine
hémisphère, masculine
henné, masculine
henri, masculine
hentriacontane, masculine
heptagramme, masculine
heptamètre, masculine
heptane, masculine
heptathlon, masculine
heptose, masculine
cassie, feminine
cassini, masculine
cassinoïde, feminine
cassiopée, feminine
cassitérite, feminine
cassolette, feminine
cassonade, feminine
cassure, feminine
castagne, feminine
castagnette, feminine
castagnole, feminine
castagnoli, masculine
caste, feminine
cata, feminine
catabase, feminine
catacaustique, feminine
catachrèse, feminine
catadioptrique, feminine
cataire, feminine
catalane, feminine
catalepsie, feminine
catalpa, feminine
catane, feminine
cataphase, feminine
catatonie, feminine
catcheuse, feminine
catéchine, feminine
catécholamine, feminine
catégoricité, feminine
catelle, masculine
caténaire, feminine
caténation, feminine
catène, feminine
caténoïde, feminine
catharsis, feminine
cathèdre, feminine
catherinette, feminine
cathète, feminine
catilinaire, feminine
catin, masculine
catoptromancie, feminine
cattleya, feminine
cau, masculine
caucasienne, feminine
caucasologie, feminine
bolivar, masculine
bolivarianisme, masculine
bolivarisme, masculine
bollé, masculine
bolomètre, masculine
bolon, masculine
bolonais, masculine
bolos, masculine
bolosse, masculine
bombage, masculine
bombardon, masculine
héraut, masculine
herbivore, masculine
hérisson, masculine
héritage, masculine
héritier, masculine
causalité, feminine
causerie, feminine
causette, feminine
causeuse, feminine
causticité, feminine
cautèle, feminine
cautérisation, feminine
cavalaire, feminine
cavalcade, feminine
cavale, feminine
cavatine, feminine
caveirac, masculine
cavernite, feminine
caye, feminine
cazaux, masculine
cb, feminine
bombasin, masculine
bomber, masculine
bombyx, masculine
bon, masculine
bonbec, masculine
bondissement, masculine
bondon, masculine
bondou, masculine
bongare, masculine
bonifacio, masculine
boniment, masculine
bonimenteur, masculine
bonisme, masculine
bonneteau, masculine
bonneteur, masculine
bonnetier, masculine
bonnisme, masculine
bonobo, masculine
bonpas, masculine
bonrien, masculine
bonsaï, masculine
bonzaï, masculine
bonze, masculine
boo, masculine
bookmaker, masculine
boombox, masculine
boomer, masculine
bootlegger, masculine
boquériny, masculine
boqueteau, masculine
borasse, masculine
borchtch, masculine
bordeau, masculine
bordement, masculine
bordiguisme, masculine
bornage, masculine
bornéol, masculine
bornier, masculine
borohydrure, masculine
borosphérène, masculine
bortsch, masculine
borure, masculine
boscard, masculine
bosco, masculine
boscoyo, masculine
bosseur, masculine
bossoir, masculine
bot, masculine
botaniseur, masculine
botox, masculine
botteleur, masculine
bottier, masculine
bottillon, masculine
bottin, masculine
bou, masculine
bouallegue, masculine
bouana, masculine
boubou, masculine
bouboule, masculine
boucan, masculine
boucanage, masculine
boucanier, masculine
boucaque, masculine
boucaud, masculine
bouchage, masculine
bouchot, masculine
bouclage, masculine
bouctein, masculine
bouctouche, masculine
bouddha, masculine
boudoir, masculine
bouffeur, masculine
bouffi, masculine
bougainvillier, masculine
bougeoir, masculine
italienne, feminine
ithaque, feminine
ivresse, feminine
ivrognerie, feminine
jacinthe, feminine
jacqueline, feminine
jacquette, feminine
jade, masculine
jamaïcaine, feminine
jamaïque, feminine
jambe, feminine
janine, feminine
jante, feminine
japonaise, feminine
japoniste, masculine
jaquette, feminine
jarre, feminine
jarretière, feminine
jasmine, feminine
jatte, feminine
javanaise, feminine
javel, masculine
jeanne, feminine
jeannette, feminine
jeannine, feminine
jeannon, feminine
jeep, feminine
jennifer, feminine
jéromine, feminine
jersey, masculine
jérusalem, feminine
jessica, feminine
jetée, feminine
jeunesse, feminine
joaillerie, feminine
jobarderie, feminine
jocelyne, feminine
joëlle, feminine
jointure, feminine
jonglerie, feminine
jonque, feminine
jonquille, masculine
jordanie, feminine
jordanienne, feminine
josée, feminine
josèphe, feminine
joséphine, feminine
josette, feminine
josseline, feminine
joubarbe, feminine
joueuse, feminine
journée, feminine
judée, feminine
judith, feminine
julia, feminine
julie, feminine
julienne, feminine
juliette, feminine
jumelle, feminine
jumelles, feminine
jungle, feminine
jupette, feminine
jurisprudence, feminine
justesse, feminine
justicière, feminine
justine, feminine
kaliémie, feminine
karine, feminine
kazakhe, feminine
kénophobie, feminine
kératine, feminine
kératite, feminine
khakassie, feminine
kinase, feminine
kinésiologie, feminine
kinésique, feminine
kippa, feminine
kirghize, feminine
kirghizie, feminine
kitchenette, feminine
kleptomanie, feminine
kleptophobie, feminine
klysmaphilie, feminine
koniphobie, feminine
kopophobie, feminine
kouriles, feminine
kremlinologie, feminine
kystoduodénostomie, feminine
kystogastrostomie, feminine
kystojéjunostomie, feminine
labradorite, feminine
laccase, feminine
lachanophobie, feminine
lâcheté, feminine
laconie, feminine
laconienne, feminine
lactase, feminine
lactation, feminine
lacune, feminine
lady, feminine
laetitia, feminine
laëtitia, feminine
lagune, feminine
laïcisation, feminine
laïcité, feminine
laideur, feminine
laine, feminine
laisse, feminine
laiterie, feminine
lalophobie, feminine
lamentation, feminine
lampe, feminine
lance, feminine
lande, feminine
langouste, feminine
langue, feminine
langueur, feminine
lanterne, feminine
laparoscopie, feminine
laparotomie, feminine
laponie, feminine
lara, feminine
laramidia, feminine
largesse, feminine
largeur, feminine
larve, feminine
laryngectomie, feminine
laryngologie, feminine
lassitude, feminine
latrines, feminine
latte, feminine
laudation, feminine
laura, feminine
laure, feminine
lauréate, feminine
laureline, feminine
laurence, feminine
laurette, feminine
laurine, feminine
lausannoise, feminine
lavande, feminine
lave, feminine
laverie, feminine
lavette, feminine
lazulite, feminine
lecce, feminine
lectrice, feminine
lecture, feminine
légalisation, feminine
légalité, feminine
légèreté, feminine
législature, feminine
légitimation, feminine
leila, feminine
léniniste, masculine
lénition, feminine
lente, feminine
hermon, masculine
héron, masculine
herpès, masculine
hertz, masculine
hessien, masculine
hétérochromosome, masculine
hétérocycle, masculine
hétéronyme, masculine
hétéroptère, masculine
hétérosexuel, masculine
hétéroside, masculine
hétérothallisme, masculine
hétéroxène, masculine
hétérozygote, masculine
hêtre, masculine
heur, masculine
heurt, masculine
hévéa, masculine
hexachlorure, masculine
hexafluorure, masculine
hexagone, masculine
hexamètre, masculine
hexose, feminine
hidalgo, feminine
hiérarque, masculine
hiérosolymitain, masculine
hijab, masculine
hilaire, masculine
himalaya, masculine
hindi, masculine
hindouisme, masculine
hippocampe, masculine
hippodrome, masculine
hippolyte, masculine
hippopotame, masculine
hirsutisme, masculine
historien, masculine
hitlérisme, masculine
hivernage, masculine
hobereau, masculine
hochet, masculine
hockey, masculine
hollandais, masculine
holmium, masculine
holocauste, masculine
hologramme, masculine
holopherne, masculine
homard, masculine
homère, masculine
hommos, masculine
homonyme, masculine
homophile, masculine
homophone, masculine
homosexuel, masculine
honduras, masculine
hongrois, masculine
honneur, masculine
hoplite, masculine
horaire, masculine
horeb, masculine
horizon, masculine
horloger, masculine
horoscope, masculine
horticulteur, masculine
hosea, masculine
hospice, masculine
hospitalisé, masculine
hôtel, masculine
houbal, masculine
houblon, masculine
hoummous, masculine
houmos, masculine
houmous, masculine
houx, masculine
hovercraft, masculine
hoyau, masculine
hubert, masculine
hublot, masculine
hugues, masculine
humain, masculine
humanisme, masculine
humérus, masculine
humidimètre, masculine
hummus, masculine
humus, masculine
hun, masculine
hurghada, masculine
hussard, masculine
hydramnios, masculine
hydrate, masculine
hydravion, masculine
hydrocarbure, masculine
hydrogène, masculine
hydromel, masculine
hydromètre, masculine
hydrothorax, masculine
hydroxyde, masculine
hygromètre, masculine
hygroscope, masculine
hymen, masculine
hyménium, masculine
hymne, feminine
hyperlien, masculine
hypermarché, masculine
hypéron, masculine
hyperréalisme, masculine
hypertexte, masculine
hypocondre, masculine
hypothalamus, masculine
ibis, masculine
ibrahim, masculine
ibuprofène, masculine
iceberg, masculine
iconoscope, masculine
idéal, masculine
idéalisme, masculine
idiolecte, masculine
idiome, masculine
ido, masculine
iglou, masculine
ignace, masculine
ignorant, masculine
ildefonse, masculine
îles, masculine
illettré, masculine
illettrisme, masculine
illustrateur, masculine
îlot, masculine
ccp, feminine
ccq, feminine
cdm, feminine
ce, masculine
cécidie, feminine
cécidomyie, feminine
cécile, feminine
cécotrophie, feminine
cédante, feminine
cédraie, feminine
cédrika, feminine
cei, feminine
bouglainval, masculine
bougnat, masculine
bougon, masculine
bougonnement, masculine
bougonneur, masculine
bougre, masculine
bouiboui, masculine
bouif, masculine
bouilleur, masculine
boujadi, masculine
boukak, masculine
boul, masculine
boulangisme, masculine
bouldozeur, masculine
imitateur, masculine
immatérialisme, masculine
immeuble, masculine
immigrant, masculine
immigré, masculine
immobilier, masculine
célébratrice, feminine
celi, feminine
cella, feminine
celtitude, feminine
cémentation, feminine
cendrée, feminine
cendriette, feminine
cène, feminine
cenelle, feminine
cénesthésie, feminine
censeure, feminine
censeuse, feminine
centaurée, feminine
centauresse, feminine
centilage, feminine
centiseconde, feminine
centrafricaine, feminine
centrafrique, feminine
centralité, feminine
centrifugation, feminine
centripétence, feminine
centroïde, feminine
centroscopie, feminine
centurie, feminine
céphalalgie, feminine
céphaline, feminine
céphalisation, feminine
céphalophore, masculine
céphaloscopie, feminine
céphéide, feminine
cérasine, feminine
bouletteux, masculine
bouleute, masculine
boulevardier, masculine
boulibaba, masculine
boulibané, masculine
boulin, masculine
boulingrin, masculine
boulonnais, masculine
boulotteur, masculine
boundou, masculine
bouquetier, masculine
bouquineur, masculine
bourbakisme, masculine
bourbier, masculine
bourgeonnement, masculine
bourgeron, masculine
bourgue, masculine
bourguemaître, masculine
bourguibisme, masculine
bourlet, masculine
bouroundais, masculine
bouroundi, masculine
bourrage, masculine
bourrelet, masculine
bourrelier, masculine
bourricot, masculine
bourrienne, masculine
bourrin, masculine
bourriquet, masculine
boursicoteur, masculine
boursier, masculine
boursouflement, masculine
bousard, masculine
céraste, feminine
céraunologie, feminine
cerbérine, feminine
cerce, feminine
cercosporine, feminine
céréalière, feminine
céréaline, feminine
cérébralité, feminine
cérébration, feminine
cérès, feminine
cérésine, feminine
cérine, feminine
cerisaie, feminine
ceriseraie, feminine
cerisette, feminine
cérite, feminine
céroléine, feminine
cérosie, feminine
certification, feminine
certificatrice, feminine
céruléoplasmine, feminine
céruline, feminine
céruse, feminine
cérusite, feminine
cervelière, feminine
cervellière, feminine
cervicite, feminine
cervoise, feminine
césalpinie, feminine
césine, feminine
cesseuse, feminine
cessibilité, feminine
césure, feminine
cétazine, feminine
cétine, feminine
cétoacidose, feminine
cétogenèse, feminine
cétone, feminine
cétrarine, feminine
cgt, feminine
chabine, feminine
chablis, masculine
chabon, masculine
chaboulure, feminine
chabrette, feminine
chaconne, feminine
chadda, feminine
chadègue, feminine
chæronée, feminine
chaine, feminine
bouseux, masculine
bousier, masculine
bousilleur, masculine
bousin, masculine
boustrophédon, masculine
boutefeu, masculine
boutiquier, masculine
boutoir, masculine
boutonnage, masculine
bouvier, masculine
bouxwiller, masculine
bouzouk, masculine
bouzouki, masculine
bovarysme, masculine
bovidé, masculine
bowling, masculine
bowman, masculine
boxon, masculine
boy, masculine
boyard, masculine
boycotteur, masculine
bpa, masculine
bq, masculine
brabant, masculine
brachiosaure, masculine
brachycéphale, masculine
brachypode, masculine
bradeur, masculine
bradyodonte, masculine
brahim, masculine
brahmine, masculine
brai, masculine
braiement, masculine
braillard, masculine
braille, masculine
braillement, masculine
chaînette, feminine
chaisière, feminine
chalabert, masculine
chalabre, feminine
chalamet, masculine
chalande, feminine
chalandise, feminine
chalaze, feminine
brailleur, masculine
braiment, masculine
braîment, masculine
brainstorming, masculine
braire, masculine
bramement, masculine
branchiostome, masculine
branco, masculine
brand, masculine
brandestoc, masculine
brandevin, masculine
brandon, masculine
branduit, masculine
brandy, masculine
branlement, masculine
branleur, masculine
braquage, masculine
lenteur, feminine
lenticelle, feminine
lentille, feminine
léocadie, feminine
léone, feminine
léonie, feminine
lèpre, feminine
lesbiche, feminine
lesbophobie, feminine
leslie, feminine
lesly, feminine
lessive, feminine
lessiveuse, feminine
létalité, feminine
léthargie, feminine
lettone, feminine
lettonie, feminine
lettonne, feminine
lettres, feminine
leucémie, feminine
leucocytose, feminine
leucose, feminine
leucotomie, feminine
leukophobie, feminine
lévite, masculine
lexicalisation, feminine
lexicographie, feminine
liaison, feminine
liasse, feminine
libanaise, feminine
libellule, feminine
libéralisation, feminine
libido, feminine
libration, feminine
libye, feminine
licence, feminine
lichénométrie, feminine
licorne, feminine
liddicoatite, feminine
liégeoise, feminine
lieue, feminine
ligature, feminine
lignification, feminine
ligue, feminine
ligurie, feminine
liliane, feminine
lima, masculine
limace, feminine
limassol, feminine
limnologie, feminine
limonade, feminine
linda, feminine
lingerie, feminine
linguistique, feminine
linotte, feminine
linotype, feminine
lionçonne, feminine
lionne, feminine
lipodystrophie, feminine
lipoprotéine, feminine
lippe, feminine
lisa, feminine
lisbonne, feminine
lise, feminine
lisette, feminine
lisière, feminine
liste, feminine
litanie, feminine
literie, feminine
lithographie, feminine
lithosphère, feminine
lithotomie, feminine
lithotrophie, feminine
littérature, feminine
lituanie, feminine
lituanienne, feminine
liturgie, feminine
livraison, feminine
ljubljana, feminine
lobotomie, feminine
localisation, feminine
location, feminine
lochies, feminine
locomotion, feminine
locomotive, feminine
locution, feminine
loge, feminine
logette, feminine
loggia, feminine
logistique, feminine
loire, feminine
lola, feminine
lombarde, feminine
lombardie, feminine
londonienne, feminine
londres, masculine
longe, feminine
longévité, feminine
longitude, feminine
longueur, feminine
loquacité, feminine
loque, feminine
lordose, feminine
lorgnette, feminine
lorraine, feminine
loterie, feminine
louche, masculine
louise, feminine
louisiane, feminine
loupe, feminine
lourdeur, feminine
loutre, feminine
louve, feminine
loyauté, feminine
lsd, masculine
lubie, feminine
lubrification, feminine
lucarne, feminine
lucidité, feminine
lucie, feminine
lucienne, feminine
luciférine, feminine
lucile, feminine
lucille, feminine
luciole, feminine
lueur, feminine
luge, feminine
lumière, feminine
lunette, feminine
lunettes, feminine
lunule, feminine
lusace, feminine
lusitanie, feminine
lutéine, feminine
luthéranisme, masculine
luxation, feminine
luxembourgeoise, feminine
luzerne, feminine
lvov, feminine
lycéenne, feminine
lydia, feminine
lydie, feminine
lygophobie, feminine
lymphe, feminine
lyonnaise, feminine
lyre, feminine
macao, masculine
macédoine, feminine
mâche, feminine
machette, feminine
machinerie, feminine
maçonnerie, feminine
macrocéphalie, feminine
macroéconomie, feminine
macromolécule, feminine
immoralisme, masculine
immunosuppresseur, masculine
impact, masculine
imparfait, masculine
impératif, masculine
impérialisme, masculine
imperméable, masculine
implant, masculine
importateur, masculine
impressionnisme, masculine
imprimatur, masculine
imprimeur, masculine
impromptu, masculine
impuissant, masculine
inattendu, masculine
incarnat, masculine
incendie, masculine
inceste, masculine
incestueux, masculine
incident, masculine
inconscient, masculine
inconvénient, masculine
incroyant, masculine
incubateur, masculine
inculpé, masculine
indépendantisme, masculine
indéterminisme, masculine
index, masculine
indicateur, masculine
indice, masculine
indien, masculine
indifférentisme, masculine
indigo, masculine
indium, masculine
individu, masculine
individualisme, masculine
indonésien, masculine
industrialisme, masculine
industriel, masculine
infantilisme, masculine
infarctus, masculine
infini, masculine
infinitif, masculine
infirmier, masculine
infodivertissement, masculine
infrarouge, masculine
ingénieur, masculine
ingrat, masculine
innéisme, masculine
innocent, masculine
inositol, masculine
inox, masculine
inquisiteur, masculine
inspecteur, masculine
instant, masculine
instaurateur, masculine
instigateur, masculine
instinct, masculine
instituteur, masculine
instructeur, masculine
instrument, masculine
instrumental, masculine
insurgé, masculine
intellect, masculine
intellectualisme, masculine
intellectuel, masculine
intéressement, masculine
intérêt, masculine
interféron, masculine
intérieur, masculine
interlocuteur, masculine
internet, masculine
interrupteur, masculine
interventionnisme, masculine
interventionniste, masculine
interview, feminine
intranet, masculine
intrigant, masculine
introverti, masculine
invar, masculine
invariant, masculine
invertébré, masculine
investissement, masculine
investisseur, masculine
invité, masculine
iodobenzène, masculine
iodure, masculine
ion, masculine
iota, masculine
irak, masculine
irakien, masculine
iranien, masculine
iraq, masculine
iraquien, masculine
irénée, masculine
iridium, masculine
irkoutsk, masculine
irlandais, masculine
irrationalisme, masculine
irrespect, masculine
isaïe, masculine
isidore, masculine
islam, masculine
islamisme, masculine
islamofascisme, masculine
islandais, masculine
isolateur, masculine
isolationnisme, masculine
isolement, masculine
isoloir, masculine
isomorphisme, masculine
isosafrole, masculine
isotope, masculine
israël, masculine
israélien, masculine
istanbul, masculine
isthme, masculine
istriote, masculine
italien, masculine
itinéraire, masculine
jacques, masculine
jaillissement, masculine
jaïnisme, masculine
jais, masculine
jamaïcain, masculine
janicule, masculine
japon, masculine
jappeur, masculine
jardinage, masculine
jardinier, masculine
jars, masculine
jasmin, masculine
jasmonate, masculine
jaspe, masculine
jaunissement, masculine
javanais, masculine
javelot, masculine
chalcantite, feminine
chalcédoine, feminine
chalcographie, feminine
chalcopyrite, feminine
chalcosine, feminine
chaldée, feminine
chalonnaise, feminine
chamade, feminine
chamaillerie, feminine
chamailleuse, feminine
chamane, masculine
chambérienne, feminine
chambord, masculine
chambrée, feminine
chambrière, feminine
chamelière, feminine
chamoiserie, feminine
chamomille, feminine
chamonix, masculine
chamotte, feminine
champenoise, feminine
champhol, feminine
champignonnière, feminine
champlure, feminine
chancelière, feminine
chancellerie, feminine
chandeleur, feminine
changhaï, feminine
chanlatte, feminine
chanoinesse, feminine
chansonnière, feminine
chantilly, feminine
chanvrière, feminine
chapardeuse, feminine
chape, feminine
chapelière, feminine
chapellerie, feminine
chapelure, feminine
chappe, feminine
chaptalisation, feminine
chapuit, masculine
charbonnerie, feminine
charbonnière, feminine
charcutière, feminine
chardousse, feminine
charentaise, feminine
charente, feminine
chargeuse, feminine
charia, feminine
braquemard, masculine
braquet, masculine
braqueur, masculine
brasage, masculine
brasier, masculine
brassage, masculine
brassal, masculine
brassar, masculine
brassart, masculine
charibotée, feminine
chariclée, feminine
charlatane, feminine
charlière, feminine
charline, feminine
charmeuse, feminine
charmille, feminine
charo, masculine
charpentière, feminine
charpie, feminine
charretée, feminine
charrière, feminine
charte, feminine
chartre, feminine
chasseresse, feminine
chasseuse, feminine
chastres, feminine
chastrès, feminine
chasuble, feminine
châtaigneraie, feminine
chataire, feminine
châtelaine, feminine
châtellenie, feminine
chatière, feminine
chatonne, feminine
chatouille, feminine
châtres, feminine
châtreuse, feminine
chatterie, feminine
chatteuse, feminine
chaudasse, feminine
chaudronnerie, feminine
chaudronnière, feminine
chaufferette, feminine
chaufferie, feminine
chauffeuse, feminine
bravache, masculine
brave, masculine
brayer, masculine
braz, masculine
break, masculine
breakdance, masculine
breaker, masculine
brébeuf, masculine
bréchet, masculine
bredouillement, masculine
bredouilleur, masculine
brelan, masculine
brest, masculine
brestois, masculine
bretteur, masculine
breuil, masculine
brevetage, masculine
brévium, masculine
brian, masculine
brick, masculine
bridage, masculine
bridé, masculine
bridgeur, masculine
brieuc, masculine
brigandage, masculine
brigantin, masculine
brimbalement, masculine
brimborion, masculine
brimeur, masculine
brio, masculine
briochin, masculine
briquetage, masculine
bris, masculine
brisant, masculine
briscard, masculine
brisement, masculine
briseur, masculine
bristol, masculine
chausse, feminine
chaussetière, feminine
chausseuse, feminine
chawarma, feminine
chayotte, feminine
chazal, masculine
chebka, feminine
chéchia, feminine
chechnie, feminine
cheddite, feminine
cheffe, feminine
chefferie, feminine
cheftaine, feminine
cheiroptérophilie, feminine
chélation, feminine
chélidoine, feminine
chelles, feminine
bristolien, masculine
broc, masculine
brocantage, masculine
brocanteur, masculine
brocard, masculine
brocciu, masculine
brocheur, masculine
brodequin, masculine
broguin, masculine
broiement, masculine
brolique, masculine
bromate, masculine
bromisme, masculine
bromobenzène, masculine
bromoéthane, masculine
bromoforme, masculine
bromure, masculine
bronchodilatateur, masculine
bronchoscope, masculine
brontomètre, masculine
brontosaure, masculine
brony, masculine
bronzeur, masculine
bronzier, masculine
brossier, masculine
brou, masculine
brouchéion, masculine
brouet, masculine
brouillage, masculine
brouillement, masculine
brouilleur, masculine
broussard, masculine
broutard, masculine
broutement, masculine
brouzouf, masculine
brownie, masculine
broyage, masculine
broyat, masculine
bruant, masculine
bruccio, masculine
brugeois, masculine
brugheas, masculine
brugnonier, masculine
bruissement, masculine
bruitage, masculine
bruiteur, masculine
brûlis, masculine
brûlot, masculine
brumisateur, masculine
brunch, masculine
brunéi, masculine
bruniquel, masculine
brunissement, masculine
brunisseur, masculine
brusc, masculine
bryone, masculine
bryophyte, masculine
bryozoaire, masculine
bryson, masculine
bsartek, masculine
bst, masculine
bte, masculine
btp, masculine
buandier, masculine
bubale, masculine
bubon, masculine
buccin, masculine
buccinateur, masculine
macrosomie, feminine
macrostructure, feminine
madeleine, feminine
madère, masculine
maëlle, feminine
maeva, feminine
maéva, feminine
magali, feminine
magdala, feminine
magie, feminine
magistrature, feminine
magnanimité, masculine
magnésite, feminine
magnétite, feminine
magnétoréception, feminine
magnificence, feminine
magnitude, feminine
mahométane, feminine
maille, feminine
maintenance, feminine
mairie, feminine
maïté, feminine
maîtrise, feminine
maïzena, feminine
majesté, feminine
majoration, feminine
majorette, feminine
majorité, feminine
majorque, feminine
majorquine, feminine
majuscule, feminine
malachite, feminine
malacologie, feminine
maladresse, feminine
malaisie, feminine
malawite, masculine
malaysia, feminine
malchance, feminine
maldives, feminine
malemort, feminine
malhonnêteté, feminine
malienne, feminine
malignité, feminine
malle, feminine
malléole, masculine
malnutrition, feminine
malou, feminine
maltaise, feminine
maltase, feminine
malveillance, feminine
malversation, feminine
mamie, feminine
mammographie, feminine
manche, masculine
mandarine, feminine
mandchourie, feminine
mandibule, feminine
mandoline, feminine
mandorle, feminine
mandragore, feminine
mangeoire, feminine
mangouste, feminine
mangue, feminine
maniabilité, feminine
manie, feminine
manière, feminine
manif, feminine
manifestation, feminine
maniguette, feminine
manipulation, feminine
manivelle, feminine
manne, feminine
manon, feminine
mansarde, feminine
mantouane, feminine
mantoue, feminine
manucure, masculine
maquerelle, feminine
maquette, feminine
marcassite, feminine
marceline, feminine
marcelle, feminine
marche, feminine
marcheuse, feminine
marée, feminine
margarine, feminine
marge, feminine
margot, feminine
marguerite, feminine
maria, feminine
marianne, feminine
marie, feminine
marielle, feminine
marietta, feminine
mariette, feminine
marina, feminine
marine, masculine
marinette, feminine
mariologie, feminine
marionnette, feminine
maripier, feminine
marjolaine, feminine
marlène, feminine
marmelade, feminine
marmite, feminine
marmotte, feminine
marne, feminine
marocaine, feminine
marque, feminine
marqueterie, feminine
marquise, feminine
marraine, feminine
marrakech, masculine
marseillaise, feminine
marte, feminine
marthe, feminine
martine, feminine
martinique, feminine
maryvette, feminine
maryvonne, feminine
mascareignes, feminine
mascate, feminine
mascotte, feminine
masculinité, feminine
masse, feminine
masseuse, feminine
massue, feminine
mastectomie, feminine
maternelle, feminine
mathématiques, feminine
mathilde, feminine
matière, feminine
jérémie, masculine
jérémy, masculine
jérôme, masculine
jessé, masculine
jésuite, masculine
jésuitisme, masculine
jésus, masculine
jet, masculine
jeton, masculine
jeudi, masculine
ji, masculine
joachim, masculine
joaillier, masculine
job, feminine
jobard, masculine
jocelyn, feminine
joël, masculine
jogging, masculine
joint, masculine
jojoba, masculine
jonathan, masculine
jongleur, masculine
jordan, masculine
jordanien, masculine
josé, masculine
joseph, masculine
joséphisme, masculine
josselin, masculine
josué, masculine
jouet, masculine
joueur, masculine
joujou, masculine
joule, masculine
jourdain, masculine
joyau, masculine
jules, masculine
julien, masculine
jumeau, masculine
jumelage, masculine
junker, masculine
jupiter, masculine
jupon, masculine
juron, masculine
jury, masculine
just, masculine
justicier, masculine
justin, masculine
kachoube, masculine
kaléidoscope, masculine
kami, masculine
kampuchéa, masculine
kamtchatka, masculine
kantien, masculine
kaolin, masculine
karakoum, masculine
karaoké, masculine
karaté, masculine
karim, masculine
karité, masculine
karma, masculine
karst, masculine
katana, masculine
kayak, masculine
kazakh, masculine
kazakhstan, masculine
kéfir, masculine
kenya, masculine
kenyan, masculine
kératinocyte, masculine
kérosène, masculine
ketchup, masculine
kétoprofène, masculine
keuf, masculine
kevin, masculine
kévin, masculine
khalife, masculine
kharidjisme, masculine
khazar, masculine
kheer, masculine
khépresh, masculine
khmer, masculine
khorasan, masculine
khorassan, masculine
kidnapping, masculine
kiev, masculine
kilimandjaro, masculine
kilogramme, masculine
kilohertz, masculine
kilométrage, masculine
kilomètre, masculine
kimono, masculine
kiosque, masculine
kipper, masculine
kirghiz, masculine
kirghizistan, masculine
kirghizstan, masculine
kiribati, feminine
kirundi, masculine
kit, masculine
kiwi, masculine
klaxon, masculine
klystron, masculine
koala, masculine
kokochnik, masculine
kolinski, masculine
kolkhoze, masculine
kosovo, masculine
koweït, masculine
krach, masculine
kraken, masculine
krypton, masculine
kumpir, masculine
kurdistan, masculine
kurmandji, masculine
kwacha, masculine
labeur, masculine
labour, masculine
labrador, masculine
labrys, masculine
labyrinthe, masculine
lacédémone, masculine
lacédémonien, masculine
lacet, masculine
laconien, masculine
lactose, masculine
lactosérum, masculine
ladislas, masculine
lagopède, masculine
laïcisme, masculine
laid, masculine
chéloïde, feminine
chélone, feminine
chélydre, masculine
chemetoff, masculine
chemiserie, feminine
chemisette, feminine
chemisière, feminine
chênaie, feminine
cheneau, feminine
chenette, feminine
chènevière, feminine
chénéville, feminine
chenillette, feminine
chénopodiacée, feminine
chérie, feminine
chérimole, feminine
chesseresse, feminine
chevalière, feminine
chevauchée, feminine
chevêchette, feminine
chevillette, feminine
chevrette, feminine
chevrière, feminine
chevrolet, masculine
chevrotine, feminine
chiasse, feminine
chibouque, feminine
chicago, feminine
chicane, feminine
chicanerie, feminine
chicaya, feminine
chicha, feminine
chicheportiche, masculine
chiclette, feminine
chiconi, feminine
chicote, feminine
chicotte, feminine
chicoutai, feminine
chiée, feminine
chiennerie, feminine
chierie, feminine
chiers, feminine
chieuse, feminine
chièvres, feminine
chiffe, feminine
chiffonnière, feminine
chiffreuse, feminine
chignole, feminine
chihiro, masculine
chiliade, feminine
chimaphile, feminine
chimiluminescence, feminine
chimiostratigraphie, feminine
bucentaure, masculine
bucher, masculine
bûcher, masculine
bucheron, masculine
bûcheur, masculine
buckingham, masculine
buckminsterfullerène, masculine
buggy, masculine
building, masculine
chimiosynthèse, feminine
chimiotoxicité, feminine
chimiotrophie, feminine
chinafrique, feminine
chincheros, feminine
chineuse, feminine
chiourme, feminine
chipie, feminine
chipolata, feminine
chips, masculine
chique, masculine
chiquenaude, feminine
chir, masculine
chirac, masculine
chiralité, feminine
chiraquie, feminine
chirographie, feminine
chirol, masculine
chirologie, feminine
chiromancie, feminine
chiromancienne, feminine
chirongui, feminine
chiropractie, feminine
chiropractrice, feminine
chiropraxie, feminine
chiroptérochorie, feminine
chisa, feminine
chisinau, masculine
chistera, masculine
chiure, feminine
chiyo, feminine
chlamyde, feminine
chlamydiase, feminine
chlamydie, feminine
chlamydiose, feminine
chlef, feminine
chleuhe, feminine
chlorarachniophyte, feminine
chlorargyrite, feminine
chloration, feminine
chlorite, masculine
chlorolyse, feminine
chlorose, feminine
chnek, feminine
chnoque, masculine
chnoute, feminine
choane, feminine
chochana, feminine
chochotte, feminine
chocolaterie, feminine
chocolatière, feminine
bulgnéville, masculine
bulgogi, masculine
bull, masculine
bulldog, masculine
bulot, masculine
bungalow, masculine
bunjil, masculine
buphthalme, masculine
buplèvre, masculine
bupreste, masculine
bureaucratisation, masculine
bureaucratisme, masculine
burkina, masculine
burkini, masculine
burlesque, masculine
burlingue, masculine
burnous, masculine
buron, masculine
burundais, masculine
busard, masculine
busc, masculine
bushisme, masculine
business, masculine
bustier, masculine
butanol, masculine
butène, masculine
buteur, masculine
butineur, masculine
butome, masculine
butor, masculine
chocolatine, feminine
cholécystite, feminine
cholécystotomie, feminine
cholérine, feminine
cholestérolémie, feminine
cholurie, feminine
chômeuse, feminine
chondrographie, feminine
chongqing, feminine
chope, feminine
chopin, masculine
chopine, feminine
chorale, feminine
choré, feminine
chorographie, feminine
choroïde, feminine
chouannerie, feminine
chouchoute, feminine
buttereau, masculine
butyle, masculine
butylèneglycol, masculine
butyromètre, masculine
buzançais, masculine
buzz, masculine
bv, masculine
byronisme, masculine
byzantiniste, masculine
bzou, masculine
c*l, masculine
c*nnard, masculine
ca, masculine
ça, masculine
cabaliste, masculine
caban, masculine
cabanon, masculine
cabaretier, masculine
caberlot, masculine
cabernet, masculine
cabillot, masculine
câblage, masculine
câbleau, masculine
câbleur, masculine
câblier, masculine
câblogramme, masculine
câblot, masculine
cabochon, masculine
caboteur, masculine
cabotier, masculine
cabotinage, masculine
cabri, masculine
cac, masculine
cacaotier, masculine
cachement, masculine
cachemiri, masculine
cachemirien, masculine
cachicame, masculine
cacique, masculine
cacodémon, masculine
cacodylate, masculine
cacodyle, masculine
cacographe, masculine
cacolet, masculine
caddie, masculine
caddy, masculine
cadi, masculine
cadien, masculine
cadjin, masculine
cadmate, masculine
cadmiage, masculine
matinée, feminine
matraque, feminine
matrice, feminine
matrie, feminine
matu, feminine
maturation, feminine
mâture, feminine
maturité, feminine
maud, feminine
maurétanie, feminine
mauricette, feminine
mauritanie, feminine
mauvéine, feminine
maxentia, feminine
maxime, masculine
mayence, feminine
mayotte, feminine
mazovie, feminine
mazurie, feminine
mécanisation, feminine
mécatronique, feminine
méchanophobie, feminine
mèche, feminine
mécréance, feminine
médecine, feminine
médiane, feminine
médiation, feminine
médine, feminine
méduse, feminine
méfiance, feminine
mégalomanie, feminine
mégane, feminine
méiose, feminine
mélanésie, feminine
mélanie, feminine
mélanotropine, feminine
mélasse, feminine
mélatonine, feminine
mélissa, feminine
mélisse, feminine
mélusine, feminine
membrane, feminine
menace, feminine
ménagerie, feminine
mendicité, feminine
méninge, feminine
méningite, feminine
ménopause, feminine
mensualité, feminine
mensuration, feminine
mentaliste, masculine
mentalité, feminine
menteuse, feminine
menthe, feminine
méprise, feminine
mercaptopurine, feminine
mercerie, feminine
mère, feminine
meringue, feminine
méritocratie, feminine
mésalliance, feminine
mésange, feminine
mescaline, feminine
mésestime, feminine
mésoamérique, feminine
mésoglée, feminine
mésophyte, masculine
mésopotamie, feminine
messagerie, feminine
messe, feminine
messianisme, masculine
messine, feminine
messinoise, feminine
métabole, feminine
métabolite, feminine
métacognition, feminine
métallisation, feminine
métallographie, feminine
métallurgie, feminine
métalogique, feminine
métamérie, feminine
métamorphose, feminine
métaphase, feminine
métaphore, feminine
métaphrase, feminine
métaphysique, feminine
métaplasie, feminine
métastase, feminine
métathèse, feminine
métempsycose, feminine
météo, feminine
météorite, masculine
météorologie, feminine
météorophobie, feminine
méthamphétamine, feminine
méthionine, feminine
méthode, feminine
méthodologie, feminine
métochie, feminine
métonymie, feminine
métope, feminine
meuf, feminine
meule, feminine
meunière, feminine
meurtrière, feminine
meurtrissure, feminine
meuse, feminine
mévente, feminine
mexicaine, feminine
mexico, feminine
mezouzah, feminine
mezzanine, feminine
micelle, feminine
michèle, feminine
micheline, feminine
michelle, feminine
microbiologie, feminine
microcéphalie, feminine
microéconomie, feminine
microélectronique, feminine
microévolution, feminine
micronésie, feminine
micropaléontologie, feminine
microstructure, feminine
miction, feminine
mie, feminine
miette, feminine
migraine, feminine
migration, feminine
milady, feminine
milan, masculine
milanaise, feminine
milice, feminine
militarisation, feminine
laitage, masculine
laiton, masculine
lama, masculine
lambeau, masculine
lambris, masculine
lancement, masculine
lanceur, masculine
laos, masculine
laotien, masculine
lapereau, masculine
lapon, masculine
laps, masculine
lapsus, masculine
lard, masculine
large, masculine
larmoiement, masculine
larynx, masculine
lassi, masculine
latex, masculine
latitude, feminine
latium, masculine
lauréat, masculine
laurent, masculine
laurier, masculine
lausannois, masculine
lavabo, masculine
lavement, masculine
lawrencium, masculine
laxatif, masculine
lazare, masculine
lecteur, masculine
lédon, masculine
légionnaire, masculine
législateur, masculine
leipzig, masculine
leitmotiv, masculine
lemming, masculine
lémur, masculine
lendemain, masculine
léo, masculine
león, masculine
léon, masculine
léonard, masculine
léopard, masculine
léopold, masculine
lérotin, masculine
lesotho, masculine
léthé, masculine
letton, masculine
leucoplaste, masculine
levain, masculine
levant, masculine
lévi, masculine
lévrier, masculine
lexème, masculine
lexique, masculine
lézard, masculine
liban, masculine
libanais, masculine
libéral, masculine
libéralisme, masculine
libérateur, masculine
libéria, masculine
libertarianisme, masculine
libertinisme, masculine
licencié, masculine
licenciement, masculine
liechtenstein, masculine
liège, masculine
liégeois, masculine
lierre, masculine
lièvre, masculine
liftier, masculine
ligament, masculine
lignite, feminine
lilas, masculine
lilian, masculine
limaçon, masculine
limogeage, masculine
limon, masculine
limonène, masculine
liniment, masculine
linuxien, masculine
lionel, masculine
lipide, masculine
liquide, feminine
lis, masculine
lissage, masculine
lithium, masculine
lithographe, masculine
lithophyte, masculine
litige, masculine
littoral, masculine
lituanien, masculine
living, masculine
livournais, masculine
livreur, masculine
locatif, masculine
locuteur, masculine
lof, masculine
logement, masculine
logicien, masculine
logotype, masculine
loïc, masculine
lointain, masculine
loir, masculine
loisir, masculine
lombard, masculine
lombric, masculine
londonien, masculine
longchamps, masculine
longtemps, masculine
loriot, masculine
lorrain, masculine
lothaire, masculine
lotus, masculine
lou, feminine
louis, masculine
chouffe, feminine
choupi, masculine
chouquette, feminine
chousse, feminine
choute, feminine
chrématistique, feminine
chrestomathie, feminine
christophine, feminine
chromatine, feminine
chromatopsie, feminine
chromite, feminine
chromodacryorrhée, feminine
chromolithographie, feminine
chromoprotéine, feminine
chromotypie, feminine
chromotypographie, feminine
chronaxie, feminine
chronicité, feminine
chroniqueuse, feminine
chronobiologie, feminine
chronométrie, feminine
chronophobie, feminine
chronophotographie, feminine
chronopsychologie, feminine
chronostratigraphie, feminine
chrysalide, feminine
chrysarobine, feminine
chryside, feminine
chrysoïdine, feminine
chrysolite, feminine
chrysolithe, feminine
chrysothérapie, feminine
chuchanik, feminine
chuchoteuse, feminine
chymie, feminine
chymotrypsine, feminine
cia, feminine
ciboule, feminine
cic, feminine
cicatricule, feminine
cicindèle, feminine
cicogne, feminine
cicutine, feminine
cicutoxine, feminine
cidrerie, feminine
cidrière, feminine
cie, feminine
cig, feminine
cigarière, feminine
ciguë, feminine
cigüe, feminine
cilastatine, feminine
ciliature, feminine
cimaise, feminine
cimentation, feminine
cimenterie, feminine
cimentière, feminine
cinchonine, feminine
cindynique, feminine
cinéphage, feminine
cinéphagie, feminine
cinéphilie, feminine
cinérite, feminine
cinèse, feminine
ciprofloxacine, feminine
circé, feminine
circée, feminine
circonlocution, feminine
circonstancielle, feminine
circonvallation, feminine
circonvolution, feminine
circularité, feminine
circumduction, feminine
circumnavigation, feminine
circumnavigatrice, feminine
ciret, masculine
cireuse, feminine
ciron, masculine
cisailles, feminine
ciseleuse, feminine
ciselure, feminine
cisjordanie, feminine
citadine, feminine
citadinité, feminine
citatrice, feminine
cadoc, masculine
cador, masculine
cadrage, masculine
cadrat, masculine
cadratin, masculine
caducée, masculine
caecotrophe, masculine
caelifère, masculine
caennais, masculine
caesium, masculine
citole, feminine
citriculture, feminine
citrine, feminine
citrinelle, feminine
citrinine, feminine
citroën, masculine
city, feminine
civétone, feminine
civette, feminine
civettone, feminine
cladistique, feminine
claie, feminine
clairance, feminine
caféiculteur, masculine
caféisme, masculine
cafetan, masculine
cafetier, masculine
cafier, masculine
cafignon, masculine
cafiot, masculine
cafouillage, masculine
cafre, masculine
caftan, masculine
cafteur, masculine
cageot, masculine
cagibi, masculine
cagliaritain, masculine
cagnard, masculine
cagot, masculine
cagou, masculine
cagoulard, masculine
cahors, masculine
cahotement, masculine
cahoua, masculine
caïd, masculine
caïeu, masculine
caillage, masculine
caillassage, masculine
caillé, masculine
caillebotis, masculine
caillement, masculine
caillot, masculine
cailloutis, masculine
caïnisme, masculine
caïon, masculine
caïphe, masculine
caïque, masculine
cairn, masculine
caisson, masculine
cajeput, masculine
cajeputène, masculine
cajoleur, masculine
cake, masculine
cakilier, masculine
cal, masculine
caladium, masculine
caladrius, masculine
calais, masculine
calaisien, masculine
calamandrier, masculine
calamba, masculine
calambac, masculine
calambart, masculine
calambou, masculine
calambouc, masculine
calambour, masculine
calame, masculine
calament, masculine
calamondin, masculine
calbar, masculine
calcanéum, masculine
calcanthe, masculine
calcarone, masculine
calcémie, masculine
calciférol, masculine
calcification, masculine
calcimètre, masculine
calcin, masculine
calculateur, masculine
caldarium, masculine
caleb, masculine
calebassier, masculine
caléfactoire, masculine
calendos, masculine
calfat, masculine
calfeutrage, masculine
calfeutrement, masculine
calgarien, masculine
calicot, masculine
calicotome, masculine
californate, masculine
califourchon, masculine
calimaçon, masculine
calisson, masculine
callimaque, masculine
callistemon, masculine
calmant, masculine
calme, masculine
calo, masculine
calomelano, masculine
calomelas, masculine
calorification, masculine
calotin, masculine
caloyer, masculine
calumet, masculine
calus, masculine
calva, masculine
calvados, masculine
mimique, feminine
minéralisation, feminine
minéralogie, feminine
minijupe, feminine
minimisation, feminine
minorité, feminine
minorque, feminine
minuscule, feminine
mireille, feminine
misandrie, feminine
misanthropie, feminine
misantropie, feminine
mise, feminine
misère, feminine
misogynie, feminine
misophonie, feminine
mission, feminine
mite, feminine
mnémophobie, feminine
mob, feminine
mobilisation, feminine
mobylette, feminine
mocheté, feminine
mode, masculine
modène, feminine
modernisation, feminine
modernité, feminine
modicité, feminine
modification, feminine
moelle, feminine
moinerie, feminine
moisissure, feminine
moissonneuse, feminine
moitié, feminine
molaire, feminine
moldavie, feminine
molécule, feminine
moluques, feminine
molybdénite, feminine
momie, feminine
monaco, masculine
mondialisation, feminine
mongolie, feminine
monique, feminine
monnaie, feminine
monoculture, feminine
monodie, feminine
monogamie, feminine
monographie, feminine
monomanie, feminine
mononucléose, feminine
monoparentalité, feminine
monophobie, feminine
monotonie, feminine
monte, feminine
montée, feminine
monténégrine, feminine
montgolfière, feminine
montre, feminine
montréal, masculine
montréalaise, feminine
monture, feminine
moquerie, feminine
moquette, feminine
morale, feminine
moravie, feminine
morbidité, feminine
morgane, feminine
morganite, feminine
morgue, feminine
morphine, feminine
morphologie, feminine
mortadelle, feminine
mortalité, feminine
morte, feminine
mortification, feminine
morue, feminine
morve, feminine
mosaïque, feminine
moselle, feminine
moskova, feminine
motivation, feminine
moto, feminine
motocyclette, feminine
motorisation, feminine
motricité, feminine
mouette, feminine
moufette, feminine
mouffette, feminine
moufle, feminine
moule, masculine
moulure, feminine
mousson, feminine
moustiquaire, feminine
moxibustion, feminine
moyenne, feminine
mozambicaine, feminine
mst, feminine
mucosité, feminine
mucoviscidose, feminine
mue, feminine
mulhouse, feminine
multiculturalité, feminine
multiformité, feminine
multinationale, feminine
multiplication, feminine
multiplicité, feminine
munich, feminine
municipalité, feminine
munificence, feminine
muqueuse, feminine
muraille, feminine
murcie, feminine
mûre, feminine
muriel, feminine
murielle, feminine
musaraigne, feminine
muscade, feminine
muscarine, feminine
muscimole, feminine
muse, feminine
muselière, feminine
muséologie, feminine
musicienne, feminine
musulmane, feminine
mutagénicité, feminine
mutation, feminine
mutilation, feminine
mutule, feminine
mycologie, feminine
mycotoxine, feminine
myocardite, feminine
myologie, feminine
myopie, feminine
myosine, feminine
myosis, feminine
myriam, feminine
myrrhe, feminine
myrtille, feminine
mysticité, feminine
mystique, masculine
louxor, masculine
loyer, masculine
lubrifiant, masculine
luc, masculine
lucien, masculine
lucre, masculine
ludovic, masculine
lumbago, masculine
lundi, masculine
lupulin, masculine
lustre, masculine
lut, masculine
lutécium, masculine
luth, masculine
lutin, masculine
lutteur, masculine
luxe, masculine
luxembourg, masculine
luxembourgeois, masculine
lycéen, masculine
lycopène, masculine
lymphome, masculine
lynx, masculine
lyon, masculine
lyonnais, masculine
lyxose, masculine
maastricht, masculine
macaque, masculine
macareux, masculine
macaron, masculine
macaroni, masculine
macédonien, masculine
macérat, masculine
machiavélisme, masculine
machin, masculine
macho, masculine
maçon, masculine
maçonnage, masculine
macrocycle, masculine
macrofaune, masculine
madagascar, masculine
magasin, masculine
magasinier, masculine
magazine, masculine
magenta, masculine
maghreb, masculine
maghrébin, masculine
magnan, masculine
magnésium, masculine
magnétisme, masculine
magnétophone, masculine
magnétoscope, masculine
magnolia, masculine
magot, feminine
maharaja, masculine
mahomet, masculine
mahométan, masculine
mahométisme, masculine
mahorais, masculine
maillet, masculine
maillon, masculine
maintien, masculine
majeur, masculine
majorquin, masculine
malachie, masculine
maladroit, masculine
malais, masculine
malappris, masculine
malate, masculine
malawi, masculine
mâle, masculine
malentendu, masculine
malfaiteur, masculine
malheur, masculine
mali, masculine
malice, feminine
maliciel, masculine
malien, masculine
malt, masculine
maltais, masculine
mammouth, masculine
mamoudzou, masculine
manat, masculine
mandant, masculine
mandarin, masculine
mandat, masculine
mandatement, masculine
manganèse, masculine
mangetout, masculine
manguier, masculine
manichéisme, masculine
manifestant, masculine
manifeste, masculine
manioc, masculine
manitoba, masculine
mannequin, masculine
mannitol, masculine
manomètre, masculine
manquement, masculine
manteau, masculine
mantouan, masculine
mantra, masculine
manuel, masculine
manuscrit, masculine
manutentionnaire, masculine
maoïsme, masculine
maquereau, masculine
maquis, masculine
marasme, masculine
marathon, masculine
marbre, masculine
marc, masculine
marcel, masculine
marchandage, masculine
marchandisage, masculine
marchandiseur, masculine
marcheur, masculine
mardi, masculine
marécage, masculine
maréchal, masculine
margousier, masculine
margrave, feminine
margraviat, masculine
mariage, masculine
marian, masculine
marin, feminine
marius, masculine
marlin, masculine
maroc, masculine
marocain, masculine
marquage, feminine
marquis, masculine
marron, feminine
marronnier, masculine
clairouin, masculine
clairvoyance, feminine
clanche, feminine
clandestinité, feminine
clape, feminine
claquettes, feminine
clarensac, masculine
clarification, feminine
calypso, masculine
camaïeu, masculine
camail, masculine
camard, masculine
cambium, masculine
cambligneul, masculine
camboricien, masculine
cambouis, masculine
cambrement, masculine
cambridge, masculine
cambusard, masculine
classicide, feminine
classificatrice, feminine
claudication, feminine
claustration, feminine
claustromanie, feminine
clavaire, feminine
clavelée, feminine
clavette, feminine
clayette, feminine
claymore, feminine
cleenewerck, masculine
camélidé, masculine
camelin, masculine
camelot, masculine
camer, masculine
caméralisme, masculine
cameraman, masculine
camérier, masculine
camerlingue, masculine
camescope, masculine
caméscope, masculine
camionnage, masculine
campagnard, masculine
campagnol, masculine
campane, masculine
campbellton, masculine
campêche, masculine
camphène, masculine
camphogène, masculine
camphrier, masculine
camping, masculine
camtar, masculine
canadair, masculine
canadianisme, masculine
canadiens, masculine
canalicule, masculine
clélie, feminine
clématite, feminine
clémie, feminine
clenche, feminine
cleph, feminine
clepsydre, feminine
cleptocratie, feminine
cléricaille, feminine
cléricature, feminine
clermontoise, feminine
clervie, feminine
clévéite, feminine
cliente, feminine
clim, feminine
climatérique, feminine
climatopathologie, feminine
climatothérapie, feminine
clinicienne, feminine
clodote, feminine
clonalité, feminine
clostridie, feminine
clouterie, feminine
cloutière, feminine
clownerie, feminine
clownesse, feminine
clupéine, feminine
cluse, feminine
cmm, feminine
cmu, feminine
cnémide, feminine
cnss, feminine
coaccusée, feminine
coadjutrice, feminine
coadministratrice, feminine
coagulabilité, feminine
canardier, masculine
canaroie, masculine
cancanement, masculine
candélabre, masculine
candi, masculine
canelé, masculine
canevas, masculine
canidé, masculine
canigou, masculine
caninoïde, masculine
caniveau, masculine
cannage, masculine
cannelé, masculine
cannelloni, masculine
canneur, masculine
cannois, masculine
canoé, masculine
canonicat, masculine
canonnier, masculine
canoteur, masculine
canotier, masculine
cantabile, masculine
cantal, masculine
cantalien, masculine
cantauteur, masculine
canterbury, masculine
canthaxanthine, masculine
cantilever, masculine
cantinier, masculine
cantley, masculine
coalescence, feminine
coälition, feminine
coaptation, feminine
coarctation, feminine
coautrice, feminine
cobaea, feminine
cobaltothérapie, feminine
cobée, masculine
cobelligérance, feminine
cocagne, feminine
cocaïnomanie, feminine
cocasserie, feminine
cocatrix, masculine
coccidie, feminine
coccidiose, feminine
coccigrole, feminine
coccolite, feminine
coccolithophoridé, feminine
coccosphère, feminine
coche, masculine
cochenille, feminine
cochinchine, feminine
cochléaire, feminine
cochlée, feminine
cochonceté, feminine
cochonnaille, feminine
cochonne, feminine
cantoniste, masculine
cantonnement, masculine
cantorbéry, masculine
canular, masculine
canut, masculine
canyonisme, masculine
caoua, masculine
caoutchène, masculine
capacitaire, masculine
caparaçon, masculine
capésien, masculine
capilliculteur, masculine
mythisation, feminine
mythologie, feminine
mythomanie, feminine
nacre, feminine
nadège, feminine
nadia, feminine
nadine, feminine
nageoire, feminine
nageuse, feminine
naine, feminine
naïve, feminine
naïveté, feminine
namibie, feminine
nana, feminine
naphtaline, feminine
napolitaine, feminine
nappe, feminine
narcolepsie, feminine
narcose, feminine
narine, feminine
narratrice, feminine
nasa, feminine
natacha, feminine
natalité, feminine
natation, feminine
nathalie, feminine
nationalisation, feminine
nationaliste, masculine
natte, feminine
nature, feminine
naturopathie, feminine
nausée, feminine
navarraise, feminine
navarre, feminine
navette, feminine
navigabilité, feminine
navigation, feminine
nazareth, feminine
nazianze, feminine
nébuleuse, feminine
nébulosité, feminine
nécromancie, feminine
nécrophage, masculine
nécrophobie, feminine
nécropole, feminine
nectarine, feminine
néerlandaise, feminine
néfertiti, feminine
nèfle, feminine
négligence, feminine
négociabilité, feminine
négresse, feminine
neisse, feminine
nélophobie, feminine
néoformation, feminine
néoténie, feminine
néphrectomie, feminine
néphrologie, feminine
neretva, feminine
nervosité, feminine
nestorienne, feminine
netteté, feminine
neuraminidase, feminine
neurasthénie, feminine
neurasthénique, masculine
neurobiologie, feminine
neurochirurgie, feminine
neurochirurgienne, feminine
neurohormone, feminine
neurologie, feminine
neurolyse, feminine
neuropathie, feminine
neurophysiologie, feminine
neuropsychologie, feminine
neuropsychopharmacologie, feminine
neuroscience, feminine
neurotoxine, feminine
neutropénie, feminine
neva, feminine
névralgie, feminine
névrite, feminine
névrose, feminine
niagara, masculine
niaiserie, feminine
nicaraguayenne, feminine
niche, feminine
niçoise, feminine
nicole, feminine
nicolette, feminine
nicoline, feminine
nicosie, feminine
nicotine, feminine
nièce, feminine
nigériane, feminine
nigérienne, feminine
nimègue, feminine
nina, feminine
nini, feminine
ninon, feminine
nitescence, feminine
nitration, feminine
nitroglycérine, feminine
nix, feminine
nocivité, feminine
noëlle, feminine
noémie, feminine
noétique, feminine
noire, feminine
nomenclature, feminine
nomination, feminine
nomocratie, feminine
nomophobie, feminine
nonchalance, feminine
nonciature, feminine
nonpareille, feminine
noosphère, feminine
noradrénaline, feminine
noria, feminine
normalisation, feminine
normande, feminine
normandie, feminine
norme, feminine
northumbrie, feminine
norvège, feminine
norvégienne, feminine
nosologie, feminine
nosophobie, feminine
nostalgie, feminine
notation, feminine
nourrice, feminine
nouvelles, feminine
noyade, feminine
noyée, feminine
nuance, feminine
nubie, feminine
nucléase, feminine
nuit, feminine
nuitée, feminine
marseillais, masculine
marsile, masculine
marsouin, masculine
marsupial, masculine
martial, masculine
martin, masculine
martini, masculine
martyr, masculine
martyre, feminine
mascaron, masculine
masochisme, masculine
masovien, masculine
massacre, masculine
massepain, masculine
masseur, masculine
massif, masculine
mat, masculine
mât, masculine
match, masculine
maté, masculine
matelas, masculine
matelot, masculine
matérialisme, masculine
matériau, masculine
matériel, masculine
mathématicien, masculine
mathéo, masculine
matheux, masculine
mathias, masculine
mathieu, masculine
matin, masculine
matou, masculine
matriarcat, masculine
matroneum, masculine
matthias, masculine
matthieu, masculine
maurice, feminine
mauritanien, masculine
mauvais, masculine
mauve, feminine
max, masculine
maxence, masculine
maximien, masculine
maximilien, masculine
maximin, masculine
maximum, masculine
maxwell, masculine
méandre, masculine
mécanicien, masculine
mecklembourg, masculine
mécompte, masculine
méconnu, masculine
mécontent, masculine
mécontentement, masculine
médaillé, masculine
médaillon, masculine
médard, masculine
média, masculine
médiateur, masculine
médicament, masculine
médiocre, masculine
mégabit, masculine
megahertz, masculine
mégahertz, masculine
mégalithe, masculine
mégenrage, masculine
mégot, masculine
meitnerium, masculine
meitnérium, masculine
mél, masculine
melaine, masculine
mélanésien, masculine
mélanocyte, masculine
mélanome, masculine
melchior, masculine
melchisédech, masculine
melchisédek, masculine
mélèze, masculine
melkisédek, masculine
melkisédeq, masculine
membre, masculine
mendélévium, masculine
mendigot, masculine
meneur, masculine
mensuel, masculine
mentalisme, masculine
menteur, masculine
menton, masculine
menu, feminine
menuisier, masculine
mercenaire, masculine
mercredi, masculine
merdeux, masculine
merdiel, masculine
méridien, masculine
mérite, masculine
merle, masculine
merlu, masculine
méronyme, masculine
mésamour, masculine
mésoderme, masculine
messager, masculine
messidor, masculine
messinois, masculine
métabolisme, masculine
métacarpe, masculine
métacentre, masculine
métagramme, masculine
métal, masculine
métalangage, masculine
métalloïde, masculine
métallurgiste, masculine
métamère, masculine
métamérisme, masculine
métamorphisme, masculine
métaphysicien, masculine
métatarse, masculine
métayage, masculine
météore, masculine
météorisme, masculine
météotsunami, masculine
méthane, masculine
méthanol, masculine
méthylène, masculine
méthylphénidate, masculine
métoclopramide, masculine
mètre, masculine
métronome, masculine
mets, masculine
meuble, masculine
meunier, masculine
mexicain, masculine
mexique, masculine
mezcal, masculine
mezzé, masculine
cocoteraie, feminine
cocue, feminine
cocuisson, feminine
coda, feminine
codébitrice, feminine
codécouvreuse, feminine
codétentrice, feminine
codétenue, feminine
codeuse, feminine
michaël, masculine
michée, masculine
michel, masculine
mickaël, masculine
microbe, masculine
microclimat, masculine
microfilament, masculine
microfilm, masculine
codiffusion, feminine
codificatrice, feminine
codirection, feminine
codirectrice, feminine
coéditrice, feminine
cœlésyrie, feminine
cœlialgie, feminine
coelioscopie, feminine
cœlioscopie, feminine
coenesthésie, feminine
coentreprise, feminine
coercibilité, feminine
coercivité, feminine
coévolution, feminine
coffin, masculine
cofinalité, feminine
cofondatrice, feminine
cogérante, feminine
cogestion, feminine
cogitation, feminine
cogne, masculine
cohéritière, feminine
cohobation, feminine
cohortage, feminine
coiffe, feminine
coïmbre, feminine
coinche, feminine
coïnculpée, feminine
cokerie, feminine
colature, feminine
colchicine, feminine
coldefy, masculine
colégataire, masculine
colémanite, feminine
colere, feminine
coleta, feminine
colibacillose, feminine
colinéarité, feminine
colistière, feminine
capitanat, masculine
capitole, masculine
capitonnage, masculine
capitoul, masculine
capitoulat, masculine
capitulard, masculine
capon, masculine
caporalisme, masculine
cappuccino, masculine
câprier, masculine
caprifiguier, masculine
collante, feminine
collapsologie, feminine
collectionneuse, feminine
collectionnite, feminine
collectrice, feminine
collégialité, feminine
collégienne, feminine
collerette, feminine
colleuse, feminine
colligance, feminine
collimation, feminine
collinéation, feminine
collocation, feminine
collophore, feminine
collusion, feminine
colo, feminine
colocase, feminine
colocation, feminine
colocatrice, feminine
colocynthine, feminine
cologarithme, feminine
cologne, feminine
colombarde, feminine
colombite, feminine
colombophilie, feminine
coloniarité, feminine
colonisatrice, feminine
colonna, masculine
colonnade, feminine
coloquinte, feminine
colorisation, feminine
caprin, masculine
capriné, masculine
caprolactame, masculine
captage, masculine
captateur, masculine
capteur, masculine
captif, masculine
capuce, masculine
capverdien, masculine
caquelon, masculine
caquenlit, masculine
caquètement, masculine
carabin, masculine
caraco, masculine
caracul, masculine
caradoc, masculine
carafon, masculine
carambars, masculine
caraquet, masculine
carat, masculine
caravage, masculine
caravagiste, masculine
caravanier, masculine
caravaning, masculine
caravansérail, masculine
carbaldéhyde, masculine
carbomère, masculine
carbonarisme, masculine
carbonaro, masculine
carbonifère, masculine
carbonomètre, masculine
carboplatine, masculine
carborundum, masculine
carbosulfure, masculine
carboxaldéhyde, masculine
carboxyle, masculine
carburation, masculine
carburéacteur, masculine
carcan, masculine
carcassonnais, masculine
carcinogène, masculine
carcinoïde, masculine
carcinologie, masculine
carcinome, masculine
cardage, masculine
colporteuse, feminine
colposcopie, feminine
columbite, feminine
comarque, feminine
combativité, feminine
combattante, feminine
combe, feminine
combinatoire, feminine
combourg, feminine
combustibilité, feminine
comédienne, feminine
comestibilité, feminine
commagène, feminine
commandante, feminine
commanderie, feminine
commandeuse, feminine
commensurabilité, feminine
commisération, feminine
commissure, feminine
cardan, masculine
cardeur, masculine
cardigan, masculine
cardinalat, masculine
cardiogramme, masculine
cardiographe, masculine
cardioprotecteur, masculine
cardon, masculine
carélien, masculine
carénage, masculine
carencro, masculine
caresme, masculine
caret, masculine
cargo, masculine
cariacou, masculine
carillon, masculine
carillonnement, masculine
carillonneur, masculine
carinet, masculine
carline, masculine
carlisme, masculine
carme, masculine
carmeltazite, masculine
carmin, masculine
carnavaleux, masculine
carnichot, masculine
carnier, masculine
caron, masculine
carotinoïde, masculine
carotteur, masculine
carottier, masculine
caroubier, masculine
caroxyle, masculine
carpeau, masculine
carpentras, masculine
carpophage, masculine
carrelage, masculine
carrelet, masculine
carreleur, masculine
carret, masculine
carrick, masculine
carriérisme, masculine
carrossier, masculine
carter, masculine
carthame, masculine
cartier, masculine
cartogramme, masculine
cartomancien, masculine
cartonnage, masculine
cartonnier, masculine
cartoon, masculine
numérologie, feminine
numérotation, feminine
numismatique, feminine
nuque, feminine
nyctophobie, feminine
nycturie, feminine
nymphe, feminine
nymphomane, feminine
nymphomanie, feminine
oasis, masculine
obéissance, feminine
obésité, feminine
objection, feminine
objectivité, feminine
obligation, feminine
obligeance, feminine
obscénité, feminine
obscurité, feminine
obsèques, feminine
observation, feminine
obsession, feminine
obsidienne, feminine
obsolescence, feminine
obstétrique, feminine
obstination, feminine
obstruction, feminine
occidentalisation, feminine
océane, feminine
océanie, feminine
océanographie, feminine
océanologie, feminine
ochlocratie, feminine
ochlophobie, feminine
ochophobie, feminine
ocre, masculine
octavie, feminine
ocytocine, feminine
odette, feminine
odile, feminine
odontophobie, feminine
œnologie, feminine
oeuvre, feminine
offensive, feminine
offrande, feminine
offre, feminine
ogresse, feminine
oie, feminine
oikophobie, feminine
oisiveté, feminine
olanzapine, feminine
olfactophobie, feminine
oligarchie, feminine
oligurie, feminine
olivia, feminine
omanaise, feminine
omani, masculine
ombeline, feminine
ombrelle, feminine
ombrienne, feminine
omelette, feminine
omission, feminine
omnipotence, feminine
omniprésence, feminine
omnivore, masculine
omoplate, feminine
omphalocèle, feminine
oncogénicité, feminine
oncologie, feminine
oncologue, masculine
ondée, feminine
ondinisme, masculine
ong, feminine
onomastique, feminine
onomatophobie, feminine
ontogenèse, feminine
ontologie, feminine
onu, feminine
onycholyse, feminine
opalescence, feminine
opérette, feminine
ophélie, feminine
ophiophobie, feminine
ophtalmoscopie, feminine
opiniâtreté, feminine
opportuniste, masculine
oppression, feminine
opticienne, feminine
option, feminine
optique, feminine
optogénétique, feminine
optométrie, feminine
oraison, feminine
orane, feminine
orangerie, feminine
oratrice, feminine
orbite, feminine
orchidée, feminine
ordalie, feminine
ordonnance, feminine
ordure, feminine
oreillette, feminine
orexine, feminine
orfèvrerie, feminine
organisation, feminine
organisatrice, feminine
organogenèse, feminine
orgie, feminine
orgone, feminine
orianne, feminine
orientation, feminine
origamiste, masculine
originalité, feminine
origine, feminine
orlane, feminine
ornementation, feminine
ornière, feminine
ornithologie, feminine
ornithophobie, feminine
orogenèse, feminine
orographie, feminine
orthèse, feminine
orthodoxie, feminine
orthoépie, feminine
orthopédie, feminine
orthorexie, feminine
ortie, feminine
oseille, feminine
oseraie, feminine
osroène, feminine
ossature, feminine
ossétie, feminine
ostentation, feminine
ostéogenèse, feminine
ostéologie, feminine
ostéopathie, feminine
ostéoporose, feminine
ostia, feminine
ouate, feminine
oubliette, feminine
ougarit, feminine
ourse, feminine
outrecuidance, feminine
ouverture, feminine
ouzbèke, feminine
ovogenèse, feminine
ovogonie, feminine
ovulation, feminine
oxamniquine, feminine
oxford, masculine
oxydation, feminine
oxygénothérapie, feminine
microlitre, masculine
micromètre, masculine
micron, masculine
microorganisme, masculine
microphone, masculine
microscope, masculine
microtubule, masculine
migrant, masculine
mikaël, masculine
milanais, masculine
mildiou, masculine
mile, masculine
milicien, masculine
militarisme, masculine
mille, masculine
millénaire, masculine
millénarisme, masculine
millénium, masculine
milliard, masculine
millibar, masculine
milligramme, masculine
millimètre, masculine
millivolt, masculine
milo, masculine
milord, masculine
milouin, masculine
mimétisme, masculine
minarchisme, masculine
minaret, masculine
minerai, masculine
minimalisme, masculine
minimum, masculine
ministère, masculine
minsk, feminine
minuit, masculine
mirage, masculine
missel, masculine
missile, masculine
mississippi, masculine
mithraïsme, masculine
mobile, masculine
mobilier, masculine
modelage, masculine
modèle, masculine
modeleur, masculine
modem, masculine
modérateur, masculine
modernisme, masculine
modillon, masculine
module, masculine
mohel, masculine
moignon, masculine
moineau, masculine
moïse, masculine
moisi, masculine
mojito, masculine
moka, masculine
molise, masculine
molybdène, masculine
moment, masculine
momos, masculine
monarque, masculine
monastère, masculine
monceau, masculine
mongol, masculine
mongolisme, masculine
monisme, masculine
moniteur, masculine
monnayage, masculine
monnayeur, masculine
monocle, masculine
monocrotophos, masculine
monocycle, masculine
monogénisme, masculine
monogramme, masculine
monoïdéisme, masculine
monolithe, masculine
monologue, masculine
monophysisme, masculine
monopole, masculine
monopolisme, masculine
monoptère, masculine
monosaccharide, masculine
monothéisme, masculine
monothélisme, masculine
monotrème, masculine
monstre, masculine
mont, masculine
montage, masculine
montagnard, masculine
montant, masculine
monténégrin, masculine
monténégro, masculine
monteur, masculine
monticule, masculine
montmartre, masculine
montréalais, masculine
monument, masculine
moorea, masculine
moratorium, masculine
mordant, masculine
morio, masculine
morphée, masculine
morphème, masculine
morpion, masculine
morse, masculine
mosaïsme, masculine
mostar, masculine
motard, masculine
motel, masculine
moteur, masculine
motocycle, masculine
moucharabieh, feminine
mouchard, masculine
mouflon, masculine
moulage, masculine
moulin, masculine
cartulaire, masculine
carvi, masculine
caryon, masculine
caryopse, masculine
caryotype, masculine
casaquin, masculine
caséate, masculine
casernement, masculine
cashmere, masculine
casier, masculine
casoar, masculine
casouar, masculine
cassage, masculine
cassement, masculine
casseur, masculine
cassican, masculine
cassier, masculine
cassiopéium, masculine
cassissier, masculine
cassoulet, masculine
castelbiague, masculine
castelet, masculine
castellet, masculine
castelroussillon, masculine
casting, masculine
castrateur, masculine
castrisme, masculine
cataclysme, masculine
catadioptre, masculine
catafalque, masculine
catalanisme, masculine
catananche, masculine
cataphote, masculine
cataplasme, masculine
catapultage, masculine
catapulteur, masculine
catarhinien, masculine
catarrhinien, masculine
catatrufa, masculine
catch, masculine
catcheur, masculine
caté, masculine
catéchiste, masculine
catégorème, masculine
catharisme, masculine
cathéchisme, masculine
cathéter, masculine
cathétérisme, masculine
cathétomètre, masculine
catigot, masculine
cation, masculine
catoblépas, masculine
catogan, masculine
caton, masculine
catze, masculine
caucasien, masculine
caucher, masculine
caudillo, masculine
caulières, masculine
cauri, masculine
causatif, masculine
causeur, masculine
cautère, masculine
caveau, masculine
caveçon, masculine
cayamant, masculine
cayor, masculine
cazavet, masculine
cce, masculine
ccitt, masculine
ccni, masculine
cdd, masculine
cdi, masculine
cébidé, masculine
communalité, feminine
communarde, feminine
communiante, feminine
communicabilité, feminine
communicaison, feminine
commutation, feminine
commutativité, feminine
comorienne, feminine
cécotrophe, masculine
cédant, masculine
cédé, masculine
cédérom, masculine
cedex, masculine
céfran, masculine
cégep, masculine
cégépien, masculine
ceinturon, masculine
célastrol, masculine
célébrateur, masculine
célérifère, masculine
célerin, masculine
céléripède, masculine
célesta, masculine
célestial, masculine
compacité, feminine
comparabilité, feminine
compartimentation, feminine
compatissance, feminine
compensation, feminine
compète, feminine
compétitrice, feminine
compétivité, feminine
compilatrice, feminine
complétion, feminine
complétiste, masculine
complétude, feminine
complexification, feminine
complexion, feminine
complication, feminine
complies, feminine
complimenteuse, feminine
comploteuse, feminine
compo, feminine
componction, feminine
compôte, feminine
compréhensibilité, feminine
compressibilité, feminine
compression, feminine
compromission, feminine
compta, feminine
compulsion, feminine
computation, feminine
comtoise, feminine
conasse, feminine
concamération, feminine
concarneau, feminine
concaténation, feminine
conceptrice, feminine
conceptualisation, feminine
concession, feminine
concessionaire, masculine
conche, feminine
conchioline, feminine
conchoïde, feminine
conchyliculture, feminine
conciergerie, feminine
conciliation, feminine
concitoyenne, feminine
conclusions, feminine
concoction, feminine
concomitance, feminine
condat, feminine
condé, masculine
condensabilité, feminine
conditionneuse, feminine
condoléance, feminine
conductance, feminine
conductibilité, feminine
conductimétrie, feminine
conduction, feminine
conductivité, feminine
condylome, feminine
conf, feminine
confectionneuse, feminine
conférencière, feminine
conferve, feminine
confidente, feminine
confiote, feminine
confiscatrice, feminine
confiseuse, feminine
confiturerie, feminine
confiturière, feminine
confluence, feminine
confœdération, feminine
conformation, feminine
confraternité, feminine
confrontation, feminine
conga, feminine
congélation, feminine
congère, feminine
pachamama, feminine
padoue, feminine
pagaie, feminine
pagaille, feminine
page, masculine
pagination, feminine
pagode, feminine
païenne, feminine
paille, feminine
paire, feminine
pakistanaise, feminine
palanche, feminine
paléarctique, feminine
paléoanthropologie, feminine
paléobotanique, feminine
paléographie, feminine
paléontologie, feminine
paléophytologie, feminine
palerme, masculine
palermitaine, feminine
palestine, feminine
palestinienne, feminine
palette, feminine
palilalie, feminine
palingénésie, feminine
palissade, feminine
palme, feminine
palpation, feminine
palpitation, feminine
palynologue, masculine
pamplemousse, masculine
panacée, feminine
pancarte, feminine
pangée, masculine
panique, feminine
panne, feminine
pannonie, feminine
panse, feminine
pansexualité, feminine
panthère, feminine
pantomime, feminine
pantoufle, feminine
paola, feminine
papauté, feminine
papaye, feminine
paperasse, feminine
papeterie, feminine
papyrophobie, feminine
pâque, feminine
paquerette, feminine
pâquerette, feminine
pâques, masculine
parabole, feminine
parade, feminine
paraguayenne, feminine
parallaxe, feminine
paranoïa, feminine
paraphilie, feminine
paraphrase, feminine
paraplégie, feminine
parasitologie, feminine
parasitose, feminine
paraxanthine, feminine
paréidolie, feminine
parémiologie, feminine
parentalité, feminine
parenté, feminine
parenthèse, feminine
paresthésie, feminine
parisienne, feminine
parme, masculine
parmesane, feminine
paroi, feminine
paroissienne, feminine
part, masculine
parthénophobie, feminine
parthie, feminine
participation, feminine
particule, feminine
partition, feminine
parturition, feminine
parurésie, feminine
parution, feminine
pascale, feminine
pascaline, feminine
passe, masculine
passerelle, feminine
passivation, feminine
passoire, feminine
pasteurisation, feminine
pastille, feminine
patagonie, feminine
patate, feminine
patente, feminine
paternité, feminine
pathogenèse, feminine
pathogénicité, feminine
pathogénie, feminine
pathologie, feminine
pathophobie, feminine
patineuse, feminine
patinoire, feminine
pâtisserie, feminine
patricia, feminine
patrologie, feminine
patronne, feminine
patte, feminine
paucité, feminine
paule, feminine
paulette, feminine
pauline, feminine
paume, feminine
paupérisation, feminine
paupière, feminine
pause, feminine
pavie, feminine
paye, feminine
paysanne, feminine
paysannerie, feminine
peccatophobie, feminine
pécheresse, feminine
pédagogie, feminine
pédale, feminine
pédanterie, feminine
pédocriminalité, feminine
pédophilie, feminine
pédophobie, feminine
pédopornographie, feminine
pédopsychiatrie, feminine
péfloxacine, feminine
peggy, feminine
peinture, feminine
péladophobie, feminine
pèlerine, feminine
pelle, feminine
pendaison, feminine
penderie, feminine
pendule, masculine
pénéplaine, feminine
pénétration, feminine
péniaphobie, feminine
péniche, feminine
péninsule, feminine
pennsylvanie, feminine
pénombre, feminine
mousquet, masculine
mouvement, masculine
mowgli, masculine
moyeu, masculine
mozambicain, masculine
mozambique, masculine
mu, masculine
mucem, masculine
muguet, masculine
mulet, masculine
multiculturalisme, masculine
multilinguisme, masculine
multimédia, masculine
multiple, masculine
multiplex, masculine
multivibrateur, masculine
mural, masculine
mûrier, masculine
murmure, masculine
musc, masculine
muscadier, masculine
muscat, masculine
muscle, masculine
museau, masculine
musée, masculine
musicien, masculine
musulman, masculine
mutagène, masculine
mutin, masculine
mutisme, masculine
mutoscope, masculine
myanmar, masculine
mycénien, masculine
mycète, masculine
mycophile, masculine
myocarde, masculine
mystère, masculine
mytho, masculine
nabuchodonosor, masculine
nage, feminine
nahuatl, masculine
nain, masculine
nairobi, masculine
namibien, masculine
namur, masculine
nanisme, masculine
nanogramme, masculine
nanomètre, masculine
naos, masculine
naphtalène, masculine
napoléon, masculine
napolitain, masculine
naproxène, masculine
narcisse, masculine
narcissisme, masculine
narcoleptique, masculine
nard, masculine
narrateur, masculine
narval, masculine
natel, masculine
nationalisme, masculine
natron, masculine
naturalisme, masculine
naturel, masculine
naturisme, masculine
naufrage, masculine
naufragé, masculine
navarrais, masculine
navet, masculine
navigateur, masculine
nazisme, masculine
néerlandais, masculine
négatif, masculine
négoce, masculine
négociant, masculine
négociateur, masculine
nénuphar, masculine
néo, masculine
néoclassicisme, masculine
néodyme, masculine
néogothique, masculine
néokantisme, masculine
néolibéralisme, masculine
néologisme, masculine
néoplatonisme, masculine
néosémantisme, masculine
népal, masculine
népalais, masculine
népotisme, masculine
neptune, masculine
neptunium, masculine
nerf, masculine
nestorianisme, masculine
nestorien, masculine
neurochirurgien, masculine
neurofibrome, masculine
neuroleptique, masculine
neurone, masculine
neurotransmetteur, masculine
neutrino, masculine
neutron, masculine
neveu, masculine
nez, masculine
niacinamide, masculine
niais, masculine
nicaragua, masculine
nicaraguayen, masculine
nichoir, masculine
nickel, masculine
niçois, masculine
nicolas, masculine
nicotinisme, masculine
nid, masculine
nigaud, masculine
niger, masculine
nigeria, masculine
nigéria, masculine
nigérian, masculine
nigérien, masculine
nihilisme, masculine
nil, masculine
ningxia, masculine
ninja, masculine
niobium, masculine
niqab, feminine
nitrate, masculine
nitrile, masculine
nitrogène, masculine
nivellement, masculine
nivôse, masculine
nobélium, masculine
noctambulisme, masculine
nocturne, feminine
noé, masculine
noisetier, masculine
célite, masculine
cell, masculine
cellulaire, masculine
célome, masculine
cément, masculine
cénacle, masculine
cénobite, masculine
cénomanien, masculine
cénote, masculine
censeur, masculine
censier, masculine
cent, masculine
centavo, masculine
centenier, masculine
centibar, masculine
pensée, feminine
penseuse, feminine
pentazocine, feminine
pentecôte, feminine
pénurie, feminine
pépée, feminine
pepsine, feminine
perception, feminine
perche, feminine
percolation, feminine
perdition, feminine
perdrix, feminine
pérennité, feminine
perfection, feminine
pergola, feminine
péricardite, feminine
pérille, feminine
périostite, feminine
périphérie, feminine
permacrise, feminine
permaculture, feminine
permanence, feminine
permission, feminine
permittivité, feminine
pérouse, feminine
perpendiculaire, feminine
perpendicularité, feminine
perquisition, feminine
perrine, feminine
perruche, feminine
perruque, feminine
perscrutation, feminine
persépolis, feminine
conglutination, feminine
conglutine, feminine
congolaise, feminine
congratulation, feminine
congruence, feminine
coni, feminine
conicine, feminine
conicité, feminine
conidie, feminine
coniférine, feminine
conisylve, feminine
conjointe, feminine
conjonctivité, feminine
centikatal, masculine
centilitre, masculine
centon, masculine
centrafricain, masculine
centrage, masculine
centralien, masculine
centralisateur, masculine
centranthe, masculine
centreur, masculine
centrifugeur, masculine
centrisme, masculine
centromère, masculine
centrosome, masculine
cèpe, masculine
céphalon, masculine
céphalopode, masculine
céphalothorax, masculine
céphée, masculine
cepstre, masculine
cérame, masculine
céramide, masculine
céramiste, masculine
cérat, masculine
cérate, masculine
cératophylle, masculine
cerceau, masculine
cerclage, masculine
cercope, masculine
céréalier, masculine
cérébral, masculine
persienne, feminine
persistance, feminine
personne, feminine
personnification, feminine
perspective, feminine
persuasion, feminine
perturbation, feminine
péruvienne, feminine
peste, feminine
pétalite, feminine
pétanque, feminine
pétasse, feminine
pétition, feminine
pétrographie, feminine
phacélie, feminine
phagocytose, feminine
phagophobie, feminine
phalange, feminine
phallocratie, feminine
pharmacodépendance, feminine
pharmacologie, feminine
pharmacopée, feminine
pharmacothérapie, feminine
phase, feminine
phénicie, feminine
phénicienne, feminine
phénoménologie, feminine
phénylalanine, feminine
phénylcétonurie, feminine
philadelphie, feminine
philanthropie, feminine
philatélie, feminine
philautie, feminine
philharmonie, feminine
philippine, feminine
philippines, feminine
philologie, feminine
philomène, feminine
phobie, feminine
phonétique, feminine
phonologie, feminine
phonophobie, feminine
phosphorylase, feminine
photo, feminine
photocopieuse, feminine
photodiode, feminine
photolithographie, feminine
photoluminescence, feminine
photonique, feminine
photophobie, feminine
photosphère, feminine
photosynthèse, feminine
phycocyanine, feminine
conjugalité, feminine
conjuration, feminine
connasse, feminine
connectique, feminine
connectomique, feminine
conneries, feminine
connexité, feminine
connivence, feminine
connoissance, feminine
connotation, feminine
conoscopie, feminine
conque, feminine
consanguinité, feminine
conscientisation, feminine
conscrite, feminine
consécution, feminine
consécutive, feminine
conseillère, feminine
conseilleuse, feminine
conservatrice, feminine
consignation, feminine
conso, feminine
consoeur, feminine
consœur, feminine
consomption, feminine
consort, feminine
consoude, feminine
constante, feminine
constantinopolitaine, feminine
constitutionnalisation, feminine
cérébralisme, masculine
cérébroside, masculine
cérithe, masculine
cern, masculine
cerne, masculine
cerque, masculine
certain, masculine
certif, masculine
certificateur, masculine
céruléen, masculine
cervelas, masculine
cervidé, masculine
cervin, masculine
cervolisme, masculine
céryle, masculine
ces, masculine
césarisme, masculine
césaropapisme, masculine
cesr, masculine
cesseur, masculine
cestreau, masculine
cétal, masculine
cétane, masculine
cétène, masculine
cétérac, masculine
cétérach, masculine
cétide, masculine
cétoacide, masculine
cétohexose, masculine
cétoine, masculine
cétol, masculine
cétotriose, masculine
ceviche, masculine
cf, masculine
cfepp, masculine
cff, masculine
cgcc, masculine
cgpm, masculine
ch, masculine
chaabane, masculine
phyllade, feminine
physiocratie, feminine
physiologie, feminine
physionomie, feminine
physiopathologie, feminine
physiothérapie, feminine
phytase, feminine
phytogéographie, feminine
phytohormone, feminine
phytopathologie, feminine
phytopharmacie, feminine
phytosociologie, feminine
phytothérapie, feminine
phytotoxicité, feminine
pianistique, feminine
picarde, feminine
picardie, feminine
picoseconde, feminine
pie, masculine
pièce, feminine
piémontaise, feminine
piémontite, feminine
pierrette, feminine
pieuvre, feminine
piézoélectricité, feminine
pigmentation, feminine
pilocarpine, feminine
pinacothèque, feminine
pintade, feminine
pioche, feminine
pipe, masculine
piqûre, feminine
piraterie, feminine
pisane, feminine
piscine, feminine
pise, masculine
pissette, feminine
pistache, feminine
piste, feminine
pitié, feminine
pivoine, feminine
pizzeria, feminine
placidité, feminine
plaie, feminine
plainte, feminine
plaisance, feminine
plaisanterie, feminine
constitutionnalité, feminine
constriction, feminine
consubstantiation, feminine
consuétude, feminine
consule, masculine
consultance, feminine
consultante, feminine
contactologie, feminine
contagion, feminine
contagiosité, feminine
container, feminine
contemplatrice, feminine
contenance, feminine
conteneurisation, feminine
contestatrice, feminine
conteste, feminine
conteuse, feminine
contexture, feminine
contiguïté, feminine
contigüité, feminine
continence, feminine
continentalité, feminine
contingence, feminine
continuatrice, feminine
contorsion, feminine
contractualisation, feminine
contracture, feminine
contradictrice, feminine
contraposée, feminine
contraposition, feminine
contravariance, feminine
chabichou, masculine
chabiha, masculine
chabin, masculine
chablon, masculine
chabot, masculine
chabrol, masculine
chabrot, masculine
chacha, masculine
chaebol, masculine
chahut, masculine
chahuteur, masculine
chaillot, masculine
chaînon, masculine
chaisier, masculine
planète, feminine
planification, feminine
plantation, feminine
contrebandière, feminine
contrebassine, feminine
contrebatterie, feminine
contredanse, feminine
contrefactrice, feminine
contreinterrogation, feminine
contremarche, feminine
contremarque, feminine
contremine, feminine
contrepèterie, feminine
contreplongée, feminine
contresignataire, masculine
contrevenante, feminine
contrevérité, feminine
contrevisite, feminine
contributrice, feminine
contrition, feminine
nomadisme, masculine
nominalisme, masculine
nominatif, masculine
norbert, masculine
normand, masculine
norvégien, masculine
notaire, masculine
nourrisson, masculine
novateur, masculine
novokouznetsk, masculine
noyau, masculine
noyé, masculine
nu, masculine
nucléide, masculine
nucléole, masculine
nucléosome, masculine
nucléotide, masculine
nuclide, masculine
numbat, masculine
numérateur, masculine
numéro, masculine
nunatak, masculine
nunavut, masculine
nuremberg, masculine
obélisque, masculine
objectif, masculine
objectivisme, masculine
objet, masculine
observateur, masculine
obstacle, masculine
obus, masculine
occident, masculine
occitan, masculine
occultisme, masculine
ocelot, masculine
octaèdre, masculine
octave, feminine
octet, masculine
octogone, masculine
oder, masculine
odomètre, masculine
odysseus, masculine
office, masculine
officier, masculine
offrant, masculine
ogre, masculine
oiseau, masculine
oiselet, masculine
oisif, masculine
oisillon, masculine
oisive, masculine
oison, masculine
oléoduc, masculine
oliban, masculine
oligoamnios, masculine
oligomère, masculine
oligopole, masculine
oligopsone, masculine
olivier, feminine
olympe, masculine
olympisme, masculine
oman, masculine
omanais, masculine
ombilic, masculine
ombrage, masculine
ombrien, masculine
omer, masculine
onanisme, masculine
oncogène, masculine
ondoiement, masculine
onglet, masculine
onigiri, masculine
onirisme, masculine
ontario, masculine
onuphre, masculine
onusien, masculine
opéra, masculine
opérateur, masculine
ophtalmoscope, masculine
opportunisme, masculine
opposant, masculine
opprimé, masculine
opticien, masculine
optimisme, masculine
oran, masculine
oranger, masculine
orateur, masculine
orc, masculine
orchestre, masculine
orcus, masculine
ordonnancement, masculine
ordre, masculine
oreillons, masculine
organe, masculine
organigramme, masculine
organisateur, masculine
organisme, masculine
organite, masculine
orgue, masculine
orgueil, masculine
orient, masculine
orientalisme, masculine
orifice, masculine
origami, masculine
original, masculine
orignal, masculine
oriya, masculine
orléanisme, masculine
orme, masculine
ornement, masculine
ornithorynque, masculine
plante, feminine
plaque, feminine
plasticité, feminine
plastification, feminine
plastination, feminine
plateforme, feminine
plèbe, feminine
pleutrerie, feminine
plongeuse, feminine
ploutocratie, feminine
plume, feminine
pluviométrie, feminine
pluviosité, feminine
pneumologie, feminine
pneumonie, feminine
pneumopathie, feminine
podlachie, feminine
podolie, feminine
podologie, feminine
poêle, masculine
poésie, feminine
poétesse, feminine
pointe, feminine
poise, feminine
poissonnerie, feminine
poitrine, feminine
poivrière, feminine
polacre, masculine
polarité, feminine
polémique, feminine
polémologie, feminine
police, feminine
policlinique, feminine
poliomyélite, feminine
politesse, feminine
pollution, feminine
pologne, feminine
polonaise, feminine
polyamoureuse, feminine
polyandrie, feminine
polyclinique, feminine
polycondensation, feminine
polygamie, feminine
polymérisation, feminine
polymicrogyrie, feminine
polynésie, feminine
polynésienne, feminine
polyneuropathie, feminine
polyphagie, feminine
polyphobie, feminine
polyphonie, feminine
polyrythmie, feminine
polysémie, feminine
polyspermie, feminine
polyurie, feminine
poméranie, feminine
pomérélie, feminine
pommade, feminine
pommette, feminine
pompe, feminine
pompéi, feminine
pompéienne, feminine
ponctuation, feminine
popeline, feminine
porcelaine, feminine
porcherie, feminine
pornocratie, feminine
pornographie, feminine
portée, feminine
portière, feminine
portion, feminine
portugaise, feminine
positiviste, masculine
posologie, feminine
poste, masculine
postériorité, feminine
postface, feminine
postmoderniste, masculine
postposition, feminine
potamologie, feminine
potence, feminine
potenza, feminine
potion, feminine
potophobie, feminine
poubelle, masculine
pouilles, feminine
pouliche, feminine
poulie, feminine
poupée, feminine
pouponnière, feminine
poursuite, feminine
pousse, feminine
poussée, feminine
poussette, feminine
poussière, feminine
poutinisation, feminine
poutre, feminine
pragoise, feminine
prague, feminine
prairie, feminine
praline, feminine
praticabilité, feminine
pratique, feminine
précarité, feminine
précession, feminine
précipitine, feminine
précision, feminine
précognition, feminine
prédation, feminine
prédécesseure, feminine
prédelle, feminine
prédestination, feminine
prédétermination, feminine
prédictibilité, feminine
prédisposition, feminine
prédominance, feminine
préemption, feminine
préface, feminine
préfecture, feminine
préférence, feminine
préfiguration, feminine
prégabaline, feminine
préhistoire, feminine
prématurité, feminine
première, feminine
préoccupation, feminine
prépondérance, feminine
préretraite, feminine
prérogative, feminine
presbytie, feminine
prescription, feminine
préséance, feminine
présentatrice, feminine
présidence, feminine
contrôlabilité, feminine
contrôleuse, feminine
convallamarine, feminine
convallarine, feminine
convexité, feminine
convivialité, feminine
chalant, masculine
chalazion, masculine
chalcanthe, masculine
chalcogène, masculine
chaldéens, masculine
chalef, masculine
chaleureux, masculine
châlit, masculine
challengeur, masculine
chalon, masculine
chalonnais, masculine
convolution, feminine
convolvulacée, feminine
convoyeuse, feminine
conyze, feminine
cooperation, feminine
coopératrice, feminine
cooptation, feminine
coordinatrice, feminine
coordinence, feminine
coordonnées, feminine
copahine, feminine
copaternité, feminine
coplanarité, feminine
coppée, masculine
coprécipitation, feminine
coprésidente, feminine
coproduction, feminine
coproductrice, feminine
coprologie, feminine
coprophagie, feminine
coprophilie, feminine
copulation, feminine
copule, feminine
coquatrix, masculine
coquelourde, feminine
coquerelle, feminine
coquillette, feminine
coquine, feminine
coquinerie, feminine
corbelle, feminine
cordée, feminine
cordelette, feminine
cordelière, feminine
cordelle, feminine
chalut, masculine
chalutage, masculine
chalutier, masculine
cham, masculine
chamailleur, masculine
chamaillis, masculine
chamallow, masculine
chambard, masculine
chambardement, masculine
chambellan, masculine
chambérien, masculine
chambertin, masculine
chambéry, masculine
chamboulement, masculine
chambranle, masculine
chambrette, masculine
chambrier, masculine
chaméléon, masculine
chamelet, masculine
chamelier, masculine
chamelon, masculine
chamérops, masculine
chamoniard, masculine
chamorro, masculine
champ', masculine
champart, masculine
champenois, masculine
champerret, masculine
champi, masculine
champlevé, masculine
champneuf, masculine
champoreau, masculine
corderie, feminine
cordiérite, feminine
cordonnerie, feminine
cordouanne, feminine
cordoue, feminine
corduène, feminine
corédactrice, feminine
corégence, feminine
corentine, feminine
coresponsabilité, feminine
coriamyrtine, feminine
corme, masculine
cornacée, feminine
cornaline, feminine
cornec, masculine
cornecul, masculine
cornéine, feminine
cornemuseuse, feminine
cornéule, feminine
cornières, feminine
cornille, masculine
cornillet, masculine
cornine, feminine
cornouaille, feminine
cornouille, feminine
cornue, feminine
corole, feminine
coronapiste, feminine
coronarite, feminine
coronaropathie, feminine
coronille, feminine
coronis, masculine
corporisation, feminine
corrasion, feminine
corre, masculine
chams, masculine
chamsin, masculine
chancel, masculine
chanfrein, masculine
changeur, masculine
chanoine, masculine
chantefable, masculine
chantonnement, masculine
chantoung, masculine
chanturgue, masculine
chanvrier, masculine
chaouch, masculine
chaouche, masculine
chaoui, masculine
chaouin, masculine
chaouis, masculine
chapardage, masculine
chapardeur, masculine
chapelain, masculine
chapska, masculine
charançon, masculine
charbonnage, masculine
charbonneur, masculine
correspondancière, feminine
corrèze, feminine
corrézienne, feminine
corroboration, feminine
corroyère, feminine
corrude, feminine
corrugatrice, feminine
corruptibilité, feminine
corseterie, feminine
corsetière, feminine
corsitude, feminine
corticotrophine, feminine
corvette, feminine
corynébactérie, feminine
cosaisine, feminine
cosaque, masculine
cosécante, feminine
cosmétologie, feminine
cosmochimie, feminine
chardonnay, masculine
chargé, masculine
chargeon, masculine
chargino, masculine
charivari, masculine
charleroi, masculine
charleston, masculine
charlot, masculine
oronte, masculine
orphelin, masculine
orphelinat, masculine
orpin, masculine
orteil, masculine
orthopyroxène, masculine
ortolan, masculine
oryctérope, masculine
oscillographe, masculine
ose, masculine
osée, masculine
osier, masculine
osmium, masculine
osmose, masculine
osselet, masculine
ossuaire, masculine
ostensoir, masculine
ostracisme, masculine
othmar, masculine
othon, masculine
otmar, masculine
oubangui, masculine
oubli, masculine
oud, masculine
ouest, masculine
ouganda, masculine
ouïghour, masculine
oural, masculine
ourdou, masculine
ourlet, masculine
oursin, masculine
oussouriisk, masculine
outillage, masculine
outing, masculine
outrage, masculine
outremer, masculine
ouvreur, masculine
ouzbékistan, masculine
ovaire, masculine
ovale, masculine
ovide, masculine
ovipare, masculine
ovocyte, masculine
ovule, masculine
oxyde, masculine
oxymoron, masculine
ozone, masculine
pachto, masculine
pacôme, masculine
pacte, masculine
padichah, masculine
padouan, masculine
paiement, masculine
païen, masculine
paillasson, masculine
pakistan, masculine
pakistanais, masculine
palace, masculine
palatinat, masculine
paléogène, masculine
paléolithique, masculine
paléoprotérozoïque, masculine
paléozoïque, masculine
palermitain, masculine
palestinien, masculine
paletot, masculine
palier, masculine
palindrome, masculine
palladianisme, masculine
palladium, masculine
palmier, masculine
pamir, masculine
pamphlet, masculine
pampre, masculine
panache, masculine
panafricanisme, masculine
panais, masculine
panama, masculine
panaméen, masculine
panarabisme, masculine
pancrace, masculine
pancréas, masculine
panda, masculine
panégyrique, masculine
panislamisme, masculine
panneau, masculine
panorama, masculine
panpsychisme, masculine
pansement, masculine
panslavisme, masculine
pantalon, masculine
panthéisme, masculine
panthéon, masculine
pantin, masculine
pantoprazole, masculine
paon, masculine
pape, masculine
papegai, masculine
papi, masculine
papiamento, masculine
papier, masculine
papy, masculine
papyrus, masculine
paraboloïde, masculine
parachronisme, masculine
parachute, masculine
paraclet, masculine
paradigme, masculine
paradis, masculine
paradoxe, masculine
paragraphe, masculine
paraguay, masculine
paraguayen, masculine
parallélogramme, masculine
paramètre, masculine
parapet, masculine
parapluie, masculine
parasol, masculine
paravent, masculine
parazonium, masculine
parc, masculine
parcellement, masculine
parcours, masculine
pardessus, masculine
pareil, masculine
parement, masculine
paresseux, masculine
pari, masculine
paris, feminine
parisien, masculine
parking, masculine
présidentielle, feminine
presqu'ile, feminine
pression, feminine
prestance, feminine
prestation, feminine
prestesse, feminine
prétentieux, masculine
prétention, feminine
prévalence, feminine
prévarication, feminine
prévenance, feminine
prévention, feminine
prévision, feminine
prévoyance, feminine
prière, feminine
primatologie, feminine
primauté, feminine
prime, feminine
primevère, feminine
primogéniture, feminine
princesse, feminine
principalité, feminine
priorité, feminine
prisca, feminine
prisonnière, feminine
privation, feminine
privatisation, feminine
privauté, feminine
probabilité, feminine
probité, feminine
procédure, feminine
proclamation, feminine
procréation, feminine
procuration, feminine
production, feminine
profane, masculine
profession, feminine
professionnalisation, feminine
profondeur, feminine
profusion, feminine
progéniture, feminine
progestérone, feminine
progression, feminine
prohibition, feminine
prohibitionniste, masculine
projection, feminine
prolactine, feminine
prolifération, feminine
proline, feminine
prolongation, feminine
promenade, feminine
promiscuité, feminine
promotion, feminine
promptitude, feminine
prononciation, feminine
propagande, feminine
prophase, feminine
prophétesse, feminine
prophylaxie, feminine
propolis, feminine
proportion, feminine
proposition, feminine
propreté, feminine
proprioception, feminine
propulsion, feminine
prosodie, feminine
prosopagnosie, feminine
prostate, feminine
prostatectomie, feminine
prostituée, feminine
prostitution, feminine
protagoniste, masculine
protéase, feminine
protection, feminine
protectrice, feminine
protéine, feminine
protéinurie, feminine
protestante, feminine
protestation, feminine
prothèse, feminine
protoplanète, feminine
provenance, feminine
provençale, feminine
provence, feminine
providence, feminine
provocation, feminine
prude, masculine
prune, feminine
prunelle, feminine
prusse, feminine
prussienne, feminine
psalliote, feminine
psalmodie, feminine
pseudoéphédrine, feminine
psychanalyse, feminine
psychasténique, masculine
psychasthénie, feminine
psychoacoustique, feminine
psychokinèse, masculine
psychokinésie, feminine
psychopathologie, feminine
psychophysiologie, feminine
psychose, feminine
psychosomatique, feminine
psychothérapie, feminine
puanteur, feminine
pub, masculine
puberté, feminine
publication, feminine
puce, feminine
pucelle, feminine
pudeur, feminine
pulsation, feminine
punaise, feminine
punition, feminine
pupe, feminine
purée, feminine
purification, feminine
purine, feminine
pusillanimité, feminine
pustule, feminine
putréfaction, feminine
pyramide, feminine
pyrénées, feminine
pyridine, feminine
pyridoxine, feminine
pyromanie, feminine
pyrométallurgie, feminine
pyrophobie, feminine
pyrophoricité, feminine
pyrophyllite, feminine
pyrotechnie, feminine
quadrature, feminine
quarantaine, feminine
quasimodo, masculine
québécisme, masculine
québécoise, feminine
querelle, feminine
queue, feminine
quiétude, feminine
quille, feminine
quincaille, feminine
cosmodicée, feminine
cosnard, masculine
cosne, feminine
cossette, feminine
costaricaine, feminine
costaricienne, feminine
costaude, feminine
costumière, feminine
cotation, feminine
cote, feminine
cotice, feminine
cotillard, masculine
cotisante, feminine
cotonnade, feminine
cotonnière, feminine
cotriade, feminine
cotte, feminine
cotutelle, feminine
couarde, feminine
coucherie, feminine
coucheuse, feminine
coucoumelle, feminine
coucoune, masculine
coudée, feminine
coudière, feminine
couenne, feminine
couffignal, masculine
cougar, feminine
couillette, feminine
couillonne, feminine
couilte, feminine
coulante, feminine
coulée, feminine
couleuvrine, feminine
coulevrine, feminine
coulm, feminine
coulométrie, feminine
coulpe, feminine
coupabilité, feminine
charretier, masculine
charriot, masculine
charroi, masculine
charron, masculine
charroyage, masculine
chartainvilliers, masculine
charter, masculine
chartisme, masculine
chartrier, masculine
chas, masculine
chasier, masculine
chasil, masculine
chassé, masculine
chasselas, masculine
chassepot, masculine
coupelle, feminine
couperose, feminine
coupette, feminine
coupeuse, feminine
coupletière, feminine
courailleuse, feminine
courbarine, feminine
courbette, feminine
coureuse, feminine
courseulles, feminine
coursière, feminine
coursive, feminine
courtepointe, feminine
courtière, feminine
courtilière, feminine
courtine, feminine
courtisanerie, feminine
courtois, masculine
courtrai, feminine
chateaubriand, masculine
châteaubriand, masculine
chateaubriant, masculine
châteaubriant, masculine
châteauroux, masculine
châtelaillon, masculine
châtelain, masculine
châtelet, masculine
châtellerault, masculine
chatoiement, masculine
chatouillement, masculine
chatouilleur, masculine
châtré, masculine
châtreur, masculine
chatteur, masculine
chattien, masculine
chaudeau, masculine
chaudin, masculine
chauffard, masculine
parkour, masculine
parlement, masculine
parlementarisme, masculine
parleur, masculine
parmesan, masculine
paroissien, masculine
parolier, masculine
paroxysme, masculine
parrain, masculine
partage, masculine
partenariat, masculine
parterre, masculine
parti, masculine
participant, masculine
participe, masculine
partisan, masculine
parvenu, masculine
pascal, masculine
passage, masculine
passager, masculine
passant, masculine
passepied, masculine
pasteur, masculine
pastiche, masculine
pastis, masculine
pathétique, masculine
patin, masculine
patinage, masculine
patineur, masculine
couscounille, feminine
couscoussière, feminine
cousette, feminine
cousinade, feminine
cousinette, feminine
cousinière, feminine
coussinette, feminine
cousteline, feminine
coutelière, feminine
coutellerie, feminine
coutisson, masculine
coûtume, feminine
couvade, feminine
couvaison, feminine
couventine, feminine
couverte, feminine
couvrante, feminine
covelline, feminine
covergirl, feminine
covid, masculine
coxalgie, feminine
cracheuse, feminine
crack, masculine
chauffoir, masculine
chaulage, masculine
chaus, masculine
chaussetier, masculine
chavirage, masculine
chavirement, masculine
chavisme, masculine
chazel, masculine
cheat, masculine
cheau, masculine
chebec, masculine
chébec, masculine
chèche, masculine
check, masculine
cheddar, masculine
cheik, masculine
cheikh, masculine
cheikhat, masculine
chélate, masculine
chélateur, masculine
chelem, masculine
chelin, masculine
chélonien, masculine
chelsea, masculine
chemineau, masculine
chémorécepteur, masculine
chenal, masculine
patio, masculine
pâtissier, masculine
patois, masculine
patriarcat, masculine
patrice, masculine
patrick, masculine
patrimoine, masculine
patron, masculine
patronat, masculine
pâturage, masculine
paul, masculine
paulin, masculine
pauvret, masculine
pavé, masculine
pavillon, masculine
pavot, masculine
payement, masculine
payeur, masculine
paysage, masculine
paysan, masculine
paysannat, masculine
paywall, masculine
pd, masculine
péage, masculine
péché, masculine
pécheur, masculine
pédalier, masculine
pédantisme, masculine
pédé, masculine
peigne, masculine
pékinois, masculine
pelage, masculine
pélagianisme, masculine
pèlerin, masculine
pèlerinage, masculine
péloponnèse, masculine
peloton, masculine
pelouse, feminine
pemphigus, masculine
penchant, masculine
pendjabi, masculine
pénitencier, masculine
penjabi, masculine
pennsylvanien, masculine
penseur, masculine
pensilfaanisch, masculine
pensionnat, masculine
pentagone, masculine
chéneau, masculine
chêneau, masculine
chenet, masculine
chènevis, masculine
chengyu, masculine
chenil, masculine
chenin, masculine
chenonceaux, masculine
chénopode, masculine
chéquier, masculine
cher, masculine
cherbourg, masculine
chergui, masculine
chéri, masculine
chériat, masculine
chérif, masculine
chérimolier, masculine
cherokee, masculine
cherry, masculine
pentathlon, masculine
pentest, masculine
pentose, masculine
pépé, masculine
pépin, masculine
pépinière, feminine
percepteur, masculine
perfectionnement, masculine
perfectionnisme, masculine
péricarde, masculine
périgée, masculine
périhélie, masculine
péril, masculine
périodique, masculine
périoste, masculine
périphyton, masculine
périscope, masculine
péritoine, masculine
permis, masculine
pérou, masculine
peroxyde, masculine
perron, masculine
perroquet, masculine
persan, masculine
persil, masculine
personnage, masculine
personnalisme, masculine
persulfate, masculine
pertuis, masculine
péruvien, masculine
pesage, masculine
pescadou, masculine
péso, masculine
pessimisme, masculine
pesticide, masculine
pesto, masculine
pétale, masculine
pétard, masculine
péteux, masculine
pétrel, masculine
pétrole, masculine
pétunia, masculine
peu, masculine
peuplier, masculine
phaéton, masculine
phagocyte, masculine
phallocentrisme, masculine
phallus, masculine
pharaon, masculine
phare, masculine
quincaillerie, feminine
quinine, feminine
quintessence, feminine
quittance, feminine
quotidienneté, feminine
racine, feminine
raclée, feminine
rade, masculine
radegonde, feminine
radiation, feminine
radio, feminine
radioactivité, feminine
radiobiologie, feminine
radiocassette, masculine
radiochimie, feminine
radiodiffusion, feminine
radiofréquence, feminine
radiogoniométrie, feminine
radiographie, feminine
radiolocation, feminine
radioluminescence, feminine
radiolyse, feminine
radionavigation, feminine
radioscopie, feminine
radiothérapie, feminine
rafale, feminine
rafle, feminine
raie, feminine
raillerie, feminine
rainure, feminine
rame, feminine
rampe, feminine
randonnée, feminine
rangée, feminine
raphaëlle, feminine
rapidité, feminine
rapine, feminine
rapporteuse, feminine
raquette, feminine
raréfaction, feminine
rareté, feminine
raseuse, feminine
ratification, feminine
ravenne, feminine
ravine, feminine
raymonde, feminine
rayure, feminine
rda, feminine
réactivation, feminine
réactivité, feminine
rebecca, feminine
rebuffade, feminine
récapitulation, feminine
réception, feminine
récession, feminine
récidive, feminine
récitation, feminine
réclamation, feminine
récolte, feminine
recommandation, feminine
récompense, feminine
reconduction, feminine
reconnaissance, feminine
reconstruction, feminine
récréation, feminine
recrudescence, feminine
recrue, feminine
rectification, feminine
rectitude, feminine
rédactrice, feminine
reddition, feminine
redéfinition, feminine
redevance, feminine
redingote, feminine
redistribution, feminine
réélection, feminine
réexportation, feminine
réflexothérapie, feminine
réformatrice, feminine
réforme, feminine
réfraction, feminine
réfugiée, feminine
régence, feminine
régénération, feminine
régine, feminine
réglementation, feminine
règles, feminine
réglisse, feminine
régularité, feminine
régulation, feminine
réhabilitation, feminine
réimportation, feminine
réimpression, feminine
réincarnation, feminine
relation, feminine
relativiste, masculine
relaxation, feminine
religieuse, feminine
reliure, feminine
relocalisation, feminine
remarque, feminine
réminiscence, feminine
remise, feminine
remorque, feminine
rémunération, feminine
renaissance, feminine
rencontre, feminine
renée, feminine
rengaine, feminine
renoncule, feminine
réorganisation, feminine
repartie, feminine
répercussion, feminine
réplique, feminine
réprimande, feminine
reprise, feminine
réprobation, feminine
reproduction, feminine
reprographie, feminine
crânerie, feminine
crâneuse, feminine
craon, feminine
crapaudière, feminine
crapaudine, feminine
crapule, feminine
crapulerie, feminine
craque, feminine
craquelure, feminine
crase, feminine
craterelle, feminine
chervis, masculine
chester, masculine
chesterfield, masculine
chétoptère, masculine
chevaine, masculine
chevalement, masculine
crayonneuse, feminine
créatine, feminine
créatrice, feminine
crécelle, feminine
crécerelle, feminine
crédence, feminine
crédulité, feminine
crémaillère, feminine
crémière, feminine
crémone, feminine
créolistique, feminine
créosote, feminine
crépeau, masculine
crépide, feminine
crêpière, feminine
crépine, feminine
crépinette, feminine
crèque, feminine
cressonnière, feminine
crésylite, feminine
crétine, feminine
crétinerie, feminine
creuse, feminine
creuseté, feminine
creusoise, feminine
crevarde, feminine
crève, feminine
chevauchement, masculine
chevesne, masculine
chevet, masculine
chevêtre, masculine
chevillier, masculine
chèvrechoutisme, masculine
chevrier, masculine
chevron, masculine
chevrotin, masculine
chevtchouk, masculine
chiac, masculine
chialeux, masculine
chianti, masculine
chiaoux, masculine
chiasma, masculine
chiaux, masculine
chibouk, masculine
chibre, masculine
chicagolais, masculine
chicaneur, masculine
chicard, masculine
chicharron, masculine
chichester, masculine
chichon, masculine
chicon, masculine
chicot, masculine
chienchien, masculine
crevure, feminine
criaillerie, feminine
cribleuse, feminine
cricoïdectomie, feminine
cricothyroïdotomie, feminine
crie, feminine
criée, feminine
crieuse, feminine
crignasse, feminine
crinière, feminine
crinoline, feminine
crisette, feminine
crisounette, feminine
cristallerie, feminine
cristallinité, feminine
cristallisabilité, feminine
cristallisation, feminine
cristallographie, feminine
criticité, feminine
croatisation, feminine
crocéine, feminine
croche, feminine
crocheteuse, feminine
crocodilée, feminine
crocoïte, feminine
croisette, feminine
croissanterie, feminine
crône, masculine
croquignole, feminine
crosse, feminine
chieur, masculine
chiffonnage, masculine
chiffonnement, masculine
chiffrage, masculine
chiffrement, masculine
chignon, masculine
chihuahua, masculine
chik, masculine
chiliarque, masculine
chiliogone, masculine
chilogone, masculine
chimiorécepteur, masculine
chimiotrophe, masculine
chimiquier, masculine
chimisme, masculine
chimou, masculine
chinchard, masculine
chinetoque, masculine
chinook, masculine
chioukh, masculine
chipolin, masculine
chipotage, masculine
chipoteur, masculine
chiqué, masculine
chiraquisme, masculine
chirographe, masculine
chirographier, masculine
chirogymnaste, masculine
chiromancien, masculine
chiron, masculine
chironome, masculine
chiropracteur, masculine
chiropraticien, masculine
chiroptère, masculine
crosswoman, feminine
crouille, masculine
croupière, feminine
croustade, feminine
croustille, feminine
croute, feminine
croyante, feminine
croziflette, feminine
crs, masculine
crtc, feminine
crucianelle, feminine
crudités, feminine
cryodessiccation, feminine
cryogénie, feminine
cryolithe, feminine
cryologie, feminine
cryoscopie, feminine
cryptanalyse, feminine
crypte, feminine
cryptodépression, feminine
chiton, masculine
chkalik, masculine
chlague, masculine
chlass, masculine
chlasse, masculine
chleuh, masculine
chlorage, masculine
chloral, masculine
chloranile, masculine
chloroéthane, masculine
chlorofluorocarbone, masculine
chlorofluorocarbure, masculine
chloroiodure, masculine
chlorométhane, masculine
chloromètre, masculine
chlorométrie, masculine
chlorophénol, masculine
chlorophytum, masculine
chloropicrine, masculine
chlorurage, masculine
chloruration, masculine
pharmacien, masculine
pharmacienne, feminine
phénicien, masculine
phénoménisme, masculine
phénotype, masculine
phénoxyéthanol, masculine
phil, masculine
philibert, masculine
philippe, masculine
philippin, masculine
philon, masculine
philosémitisme, masculine
phobos, masculine
phonème, masculine
phonographe, masculine
phorate, masculine
phosphate, masculine
phospholipide, masculine
phosphore, masculine
photocopieur, masculine
photomontage, masculine
photon, masculine
phototropisme, masculine
phtalate, masculine
phycobilisome, masculine
physicien, masculine
phytoestrogène, masculine
phytophage, masculine
phytoplancton, masculine
phytostérol, masculine
piaf, masculine
pic, masculine
picard, masculine
pickpocket, masculine
picofarad, masculine
picomètre, masculine
picotement, masculine
pictogramme, masculine
piébaldisme, masculine
pied, masculine
piémont, masculine
piémontais, masculine
piéton, masculine
pigeon, masculine
pigeonneau, masculine
pigment, masculine
pignon, masculine
pilaf, masculine
pilier, masculine
pillage, masculine
pilotage, masculine
pilote, masculine
pinard, feminine
pinceau, masculine
pingpong, masculine
pinson, masculine
pion, masculine
pionnier, masculine
piranha, masculine
piratage, masculine
pire, masculine
pisan, masculine
pissenlit, masculine
pistachier, masculine
pistolet, masculine
pithécanthrope, masculine
pivert, masculine
pixel, masculine
placard, masculine
placenta, masculine
plafond, masculine
plafonnement, masculine
planchéiage, masculine
plancher, masculine
plancton, masculine
planétarium, masculine
plasmatron, masculine
plaste, masculine
plat, masculine
platane, masculine
plateau, masculine
plâtre, masculine
plébéien, masculine
plébiscite, masculine
pléochroïsme, masculine
pleur, masculine
pleurnicheur, masculine
pleutre, masculine
plexiglas, masculine
pli, masculine
plissement, masculine
plongeoir, masculine
plongeon, masculine
plongeur, masculine
plumage, masculine
plumier, masculine
pluralisme, masculine
pluriel, masculine
plurilinguisme, masculine
plus, masculine
pluton, masculine
plutonium, masculine
pluviomètre, masculine
pluviôse, masculine
pneumocoque, masculine
pneumocyte, masculine
pô, masculine
podcast, masculine
podium, masculine
podomètre, masculine
poème, masculine
poignet, masculine
pointillisme, masculine
poireau, masculine
poirier, masculine
répulsion, feminine
réputation, feminine
requête, feminine
rescousse, feminine
réservation, feminine
réserve, feminine
résidence, feminine
résidente, feminine
résine, feminine
respiration, feminine
ressemblance, feminine
ressource, feminine
restauration, feminine
restriction, feminine
résurrection, feminine
réticence, feminine
rétine, feminine
retraite, feminine
rétribution, feminine
réunion, feminine
réussite, feminine
revanche, feminine
réveillon, masculine
révélation, feminine
revente, feminine
réverbération, feminine
rêverie, feminine
rêveuse, feminine
révision, feminine
révolte, feminine
révolution, feminine
revue, feminine
reykjavik, feminine
rfa, feminine
rhénanie, feminine
rhétorique, feminine
rhizosphère, feminine
rhodes, feminine
rhodésie, feminine
rhodienne, feminine
rhodochrosite, feminine
rhodope, feminine
rhodopes, feminine
rhubarbe, feminine
rhumatologie, feminine
ribavirine, feminine
riboflavine, feminine
richarde, feminine
rifampicine, feminine
riga, feminine
rigidité, feminine
rigolade, feminine
rigole, feminine
rigueur, feminine
rime, feminine
rimini, feminine
riposte, feminine
risa, feminine
riziculture, feminine
roberte, feminine
robotique, feminine
robustesse, feminine
rocade, feminine
rockstar, feminine
rolande, feminine
romancière, feminine
romane, feminine
romanisation, feminine
rome, feminine
ronce, feminine
rondache, feminine
rondelle, feminine
rosacée, feminine
rosalie, feminine
rosée, feminine
roseline, feminine
roselyne, feminine
rosette, feminine
rotation, feminine
rôtisserie, feminine
rotterdam, feminine
rotule, feminine
roublevka, feminine
roucoulade, feminine
rougeole, feminine
rouille, feminine
roulette, feminine
roulotte, feminine
roumanie, feminine
roupie, feminine
route, feminine
routine, feminine
roxane, feminine
rubéole, feminine
rubrique, feminine
ruche, feminine
ruelle, feminine
ruine, feminine
rumpologie, feminine
rupophobie, feminine
ruse, feminine
russification, feminine
russophilie, feminine
rusticité, feminine
rythmique, feminine
sabine, feminine
sabrina, feminine
sabrine, feminine
saccharine, feminine
sacristie, feminine
sadomasochiste, masculine
saga, feminine
sagacité, feminine
saïda, feminine
saisie, feminine
saladier, masculine
salamandre, feminine
salamanque, feminine
salerne, feminine
salière, feminine
saline, feminine
salive, feminine
salle, feminine
salmonelle, feminine
salmonellose, feminine
salomé, feminine
salonique, feminine
salope, feminine
salopette, feminine
salpingectomie, feminine
salutation, feminine
samarie, feminine
samba, masculine
samoa, masculine
samothrace, feminine
sanaa, feminine
sanction, feminine
choeur, masculine
choin, masculine
cholagogue, masculine
choléate, masculine
cholécalciférol, masculine
cholécyste, masculine
cholédoque, masculine
cholestérate, masculine
cholestérine, masculine
chondre, masculine
chondrioconte, masculine
chondriome, masculine
chondriosome, masculine
chondroblaste, masculine
chondroïtine, masculine
chondrome, masculine
chondrosarcome, masculine
choral, masculine
chorée, masculine
chorépiscope, masculine
chorévêque, masculine
chorion, masculine
chorizo, masculine
chörten, masculine
chorus, masculine
chott, masculine
chouchen, masculine
chouf, masculine
chouia, masculine
chouinegomme, masculine
choupinou, masculine
choupique, masculine
choupisson, masculine
chowchow, masculine
chrétianisme, masculine
chrismeusse, masculine
chromage, masculine
chromate, masculine
chromatisme, masculine
chromatogramme, masculine
chromatographe, masculine
chromodynamique, masculine
chrono, masculine
chronocide, masculine
chronogramme, masculine
chronographe, masculine
chronolecte, masculine
chronométrage, masculine
chronométreur, masculine
chronotachygraphe, masculine
chrysanthémate, masculine
chrysène, masculine
chrysippe, masculine
chrysomèle, masculine
chsld, masculine
chtetl, masculine
ch'ti, masculine
ch'timmi, masculine
chu, masculine
chuchotage, masculine
chuchoteur, masculine
chuchotis, masculine
chuintement, masculine
chum, masculine
chutney, masculine
chyle, masculine
chyme, masculine
ciblage, masculine
ciblème, masculine
ciboire, masculine
ciborium, masculine
ciboulot, masculine
cicérone, masculine
cicr, masculine
cidrier, masculine
cierge, masculine
cif, masculine
cigarettier, masculine
cigarier, masculine
cilice, masculine
cryptomnésie, feminine
cryptomonnaie, feminine
cryptorchidie, feminine
cryptozoologie, feminine
csp, feminine
ctcum, feminine
ctm, feminine
cubaine, feminine
cubébine, feminine
cucurbitacée, feminine
cueillaison, feminine
cuesta, feminine
cuichette, feminine
cilié, masculine
cimentier, masculine
cimeterre, masculine
cimetoche, masculine
cinémomètre, masculine
cinérama, masculine
cingalais, masculine
cinghalais, masculine
cinglage, masculine
cingle, masculine
cinnamaldéhyde, masculine
cinname, masculine
cinoche, masculine
cinquantenaire, masculine
cuillerée, feminine
cuilleuse, feminine
cuisinette, feminine
cuisinomane, masculine
cuissarde, feminine
cuistance, feminine
cuistrerie, feminine
cuite, feminine
cuivrerie, feminine
culdoscopie, feminine
culpabilisation, feminine
cultivation, feminine
cultivatrice, feminine
cum, feminine
cummingtonite, feminine
cunette, feminine
cuniculiculture, feminine
cuniculture, feminine
cupidone, feminine
cupressacée, feminine
cuprite, feminine
cupule, feminine
curabilité, feminine
curatelle, feminine
curatrice, feminine
curée, feminine
curette, feminine
curiethérapie, feminine
curieuse, feminine
curleuse, feminine
curriculum, feminine
curryfication, feminine
cursive, feminine
cuscute, feminine
cuspide, feminine
cussac, masculine
customisation, feminine
cuti, feminine
cuticule, feminine
cutine, feminine
cuvée, feminine
cuverie, feminine
cuxac, masculine
cvr, feminine
cyanamide, masculine
cyanhydrine, feminine
cyanite, feminine
cyanohydrine, feminine
cyanophycée, feminine
cyanopsie, feminine
cyanose, masculine
cyanuration, feminine
cybercaméra, feminine
cybercriminalité, feminine
cyberdéfense, feminine
cyberespace, feminine
cyberintimidation, feminine
cybermenace, feminine
cybernéticienne, feminine
cybersécurité, feminine
cybersociété, feminine
cyberstratégie, feminine
cycloïde, feminine
cyclopentadécanone, feminine
cyclostratigraphie, feminine
cymaise, feminine
cymbalaire, feminine
cymbales, feminine
cyme, feminine
cymophane, feminine
cynégétique, feminine
cynocéphalie, feminine
cynoglosse, feminine
cynthia, feminine
cynthie, feminine
cyphose, feminine
cyprière, feminine
cyprine, feminine
cystectomie, feminine
cystéine, feminine
cystine, feminine
cystographie, feminine
cystoscopie, feminine
cystotomie, feminine
cythère, feminine
cytoarchitectonie, feminine
cytoarchitecture, feminine
cytochalasine, feminine
cytogénétique, feminine
cytolyse, feminine
cytométrie, feminine
cytomorphose, feminine
czarine, feminine
czartoryski, masculine
dacite, feminine
dacryorrhée, feminine
dactylographie, feminine
dactylologie, feminine
dactyloscopie, feminine
dadyle, feminine
poissonnier, masculine
poissons, masculine
poitiers, masculine
poivrier, masculine
poivrot, masculine
polar, masculine
pôle, masculine
policier, masculine
polisson, masculine
pollen, masculine
polo, masculine
polonais, masculine
polonium, masculine
polyamide, feminine
polyamour, masculine
polyamoureux, masculine
polycarbonate, masculine
polychlorobiphényle, masculine
polyèdre, masculine
polyéthylène, masculine
polygone, masculine
polyiodure, masculine
polymorphisme, masculine
polynésien, masculine
polynôme, masculine
polype, masculine
polyphénol, masculine
polypore, masculine
polysome, masculine
polystyrène, masculine
polythiophène, masculine
polytope, masculine
polyuréthane, masculine
pompéien, masculine
pompier, masculine
poney, masculine
pontificat, masculine
ponton, masculine
populisme, masculine
porcelet, masculine
port, masculine
portable, masculine
portail, masculine
porteclé, masculine
porter, masculine
porteur, masculine
portier, masculine
portillon, masculine
portique, masculine
portrait, masculine
portugais, masculine
portugal, masculine
posemètre, masculine
poseur, masculine
positif, masculine
positivisme, masculine
possesseur, masculine
postcolonialisme, masculine
postérieur, masculine
postlude, masculine
postmodernisme, masculine
postulat, masculine
pot, masculine
potage, masculine
potentiel, masculine
potier, masculine
potin, masculine
potiron, masculine
potsdam, masculine
poudrier, masculine
poulailler, masculine
poulain, masculine
poulpe, masculine
pouls, masculine
pourceau, masculine
pourcent, masculine
pourparlers, masculine
pourpier, masculine
pourriel, masculine
pousseur, masculine
poussin, masculine
poussoir, masculine
poutou, masculine
pouvoir, masculine
pragmatisme, masculine
pragmatiste, masculine
pragois, masculine
prairial, masculine
praséodyme, masculine
praticien, masculine
précariat, masculine
précédent, masculine
précepte, masculine
précepteur, masculine
précurseur, masculine
prédateur, masculine
prédécès, masculine
prédécesseur, masculine
prédestinatien, masculine
prédéterminisme, masculine
prédicat, masculine
prédicateur, masculine
préfet, masculine
préfixe, masculine
préhistorien, masculine
préjudice, masculine
préjugé, masculine
prépuce, masculine
préraphaélisme, masculine
préraphaélite, masculine
préraphaélitisme, masculine
prérequis, masculine
présage, masculine
presbytérianisme, masculine
présent, masculine
présentateur, masculine
présentoir, masculine
président, masculine
présomptueux, masculine
pressentiment, masculine
prestige, masculine
sandra, feminine
sandrine, feminine
sangsue, feminine
sanguine, feminine
saoudienne, feminine
sapiosexualité, feminine
saponification, feminine
saponine, feminine
saproptérine, feminine
sara, feminine
saragosse, feminine
sarah, feminine
sarajevo, feminine
sarcelle, feminine
sarcoïdose, feminine
sarcopénie, feminine
sarcophage, masculine
sarcosine, feminine
sardaigne, feminine
sarrebruck, feminine
sarriette, feminine
saskatchewan, feminine
sassolite, feminine
satiété, feminine
satire, feminine
satrapie, feminine
saturation, feminine
sauce, feminine
saucière, feminine
préteur, masculine
prêteur, masculine
prétexte, masculine
prévenu, masculine
primat, masculine
primate, masculine
saucisserie, feminine
sauge, feminine
saumure, feminine
sauterelle, feminine
sauteuse, feminine
sauvage, masculine
sauvanne, feminine
sauvetage, masculine
savane, feminine
saveur, feminine
savoie, feminine
savoyarde, feminine
saxe, feminine
saxifrage, feminine
saxonne, feminine
scandinavie, feminine
scarification, feminine
scarlatine, feminine
scène, feminine
scénographie, feminine
sciatique, masculine
scie, feminine
scientologie, feminine
scierie, feminine
scintigraphie, feminine
sciure, feminine
scolarité, feminine
scolastique, masculine
scolopendre, masculine
scopolamine, feminine
sculptrice, feminine
sculpture, feminine
scylla, feminine
séance, feminine
sébile, feminine
sécession, feminine
sécheresse, feminine
sècheresse, feminine
seconde, feminine
secousse, feminine
secte, feminine
section, feminine
sécularisation, feminine
sédimentation, feminine
sédimentologie, feminine
séduction, feminine
séductrice, feminine
segmentation, feminine
ségolène, feminine
ségovie, feminine
seine, feminine
séismologie, feminine
sélectivité, feminine
selfie, masculine
selle, feminine
sémantique, feminine
semelle, feminine
séminariste, masculine
semonce, feminine
sénescence, feminine
sensation, feminine
sensiblerie, feminine
sensitive, feminine
sensualité, feminine
sentence, feminine
senteur, feminine
sentinelle, feminine
séphora, feminine
septicémie, feminine
septilienne, feminine
sépulture, feminine
séquence, feminine
séraphine, feminine
serbie, feminine
sérénade, feminine
serenata, feminine
sérialisation, feminine
série, feminine
sérologie, feminine
sérotonine, feminine
serpe, feminine
serrure, feminine
servante, feminine
serveuse, feminine
serviabilité, feminine
serviette, feminine
servilité, feminine
servodirection, feminine
sésamine, feminine
sève, feminine
séverine, feminine
sévérité, feminine
séville, feminine
sexologie, feminine
sexualisation, feminine
seychelles, feminine
seychelloise, feminine
shanghai, feminine
shekhina, feminine
sibérie, feminine
sibutramine, feminine
siccité, feminine
sicile, feminine
sicilienne, feminine
sidérodromophobie, feminine
sidérophobie, feminine
sidérurgie, feminine
siennoise, feminine
sieste, feminine
signalisation, feminine
signature, feminine
signification, feminine
sigolène, feminine
silésie, feminine
silicone, masculine
similarité, feminine
similitude, feminine
dagorn, masculine
daguerréotypie, feminine
dahline, feminine
dahoméenne, feminine
daine, feminine
daïra, feminine
dakaroise, feminine
dalila, feminine
dalle, feminine
dalmatienne, feminine
dalmatique, feminine
damas, feminine
damassure, feminine
cinquantième, masculine
cinquième, masculine
cinsault, masculine
cinsaut, masculine
cintrage, masculine
ciotaden, masculine
cipaille, masculine
cipaye, masculine
cipm, masculine
cipolin, masculine
cippe, masculine
cirage, masculine
circaète, masculine
circassien, masculine
circoncellion, masculine
circonfixe, masculine
circonflexe, masculine
circonstant, masculine
circovirus, masculine
dameuse, feminine
damoiselle, feminine
dance, feminine
dang, masculine
dangerosité, feminine
danton, masculine
daoust, masculine
daphné, masculine
daphnéine, feminine
daphnie, feminine
darbouka, feminine
darija, masculine
dariole, feminine
darique, feminine
daronne, feminine
darse, feminine
dartre, feminine
dartrose, feminine
database, feminine
datavisualisation, feminine
dataviz, feminine
datcha, feminine
dation, feminine
datiscine, feminine
datolite, feminine
daubière, feminine
daudet, masculine
dauphine, feminine
dauphinoise, feminine
daurade, feminine
dauzat, masculine
de, feminine
dea, masculine
dealeuse, feminine
déambulation, feminine
déamination, feminine
débandade, feminine
débarbouillette, feminine
débardeuse, feminine
débaucheuse, feminine
débilitation, feminine
débineuse, feminine
circulateur, masculine
circulène, masculine
circumnavigateur, masculine
ciré, masculine
cirement, masculine
cireur, masculine
ciroir, masculine
cirre, masculine
cirse, masculine
cirsocèle, masculine
cisaillement, masculine
ciselet, masculine
ciseleur, masculine
cisellement, masculine
cisplatine, masculine
cistercien, masculine
cistre, masculine
cistron, masculine
citateur, masculine
citrate, masculine
citrène, masculine
civelot, masculine
civet, masculine
civil, masculine
civisme, masculine
cizos, masculine
clac, masculine
clade, masculine
cladogramme, masculine
clafoutis, masculine
clair, masculine
claira, masculine
clairage, masculine
clairet, masculine
clamp, masculine
clampin, masculine
clan, masculine
clanisme, masculine
claoui, masculine
clap, masculine
clapier, masculine
clapotage, masculine
clapotement, masculine
clapotis, masculine
clappement, masculine
débitrice, feminine
débonnaireté, feminine
débora, feminine
débrouillardise, feminine
débroussailleuse, feminine
décaféination, feminine
décalcification, feminine
décalcomanie, feminine
décaméride, feminine
décantation, feminine
décapeuse, feminine
décapole, feminine
décapotable, feminine
décapsidation, feminine
décapsulation, feminine
décarboxylase, feminine
décarboxylation, feminine
décarburation, feminine
décélération, feminine
dèche, feminine
déchèterie, feminine
déchetterie, feminine
déchiqueteuse, feminine
déchiqueture, feminine
déchristianisatrice, feminine
déchronologie, feminine
décidabilité, feminine
décideuse, feminine
décimalisation, feminine
décime, feminine
décimilliheure, feminine
déciseconde, feminine
déclamation, feminine
déclassée, feminine
déclassification, feminine
décléricalisation, feminine
déclive, feminine
déclivité, feminine
déco, feminine
décohérence, feminine
décohésion, feminine
décoloration, feminine
décolorisation, feminine
décommunisation, feminine
claquage, masculine
claqueur, masculine
clarain, masculine
clarendon, masculine
clash, masculine
clasico, masculine
classificateur, masculine
classifieur, masculine
clathrate, masculine
clausule, masculine
claveau, masculine
clavecineau, masculine
clavicorde, masculine
clayra, masculine
cléanthe, masculine
clébard, masculine
clebs, masculine
clémentinier, masculine
cléobule, masculine
cleptoparasite, masculine
cleptoparasitisme, masculine
cléricy, masculine
clermont, masculine
clermontois, masculine
clerval, masculine
clic, masculine
click, masculine
clientélisme, masculine
clignement, masculine
clignotement, masculine
climatiseur, masculine
climatisme, masculine
climatoscepticisme, masculine
climax, masculine
clin, masculine
clinch, masculine
décompensation, feminine
décompression, feminine
déconcentration, feminine
déconfessionnalisation, feminine
décongélation, feminine
décongestion, feminine
déconnexion, feminine
déconsidération, feminine
déconsolidation, feminine
décontamination, feminine
décontraction, feminine
déconvolution, feminine
décortication, feminine
décosaquisation, feminine
décote, feminine
découpure, feminine
décousabilité, feminine
décrépitation, feminine
décrépitude, feminine
décrétale, feminine
décrispation, feminine
décroissance, feminine
décrotteuse, feminine
décurie, feminine
décussation, feminine
dédicace, feminine
clinicien, masculine
clinker, masculine
clinomètre, masculine
clinopyroxène, masculine
clintonisme, masculine
clip, masculine
clipper, masculine
cliquet, masculine
cliquètement, masculine
cliquettement, masculine
clisthène, masculine
clitique, masculine
clito, masculine
clitorisme, masculine
clocheton, masculine
clodo, masculine
clodoche, masculine
cloisonnement, masculine
cloistre, masculine
cloitre, masculine
clom, masculine
clonage, masculine
prion, masculine
priseur, masculine
prismatoïde, masculine
prisme, masculine
prisonnier, masculine
privilégié, masculine
prix, masculine
probiotique, masculine
problème, masculine
procédé, masculine
procès, masculine
processeur, masculine
processus, masculine
procureur, masculine
prodige, masculine
producteur, masculine
professionnalisme, masculine
profil, masculine
profit, masculine
prognathisme, masculine
programmation, feminine
programmeur, masculine
prohibitionnisme, masculine
projecteur, masculine
projectile, masculine
projet, masculine
prolétaire, masculine
prolétariat, masculine
prolongement, masculine
promenoir, masculine
prométhium, masculine
promis, masculine
promontoire, masculine
promoteur, masculine
pronéphros, masculine
pronostic, masculine
propane, masculine
propos, masculine
prosaïsme, masculine
prosélytisme, masculine
prosencéphale, masculine
prospecteur, masculine
protactinium, masculine
protecteur, masculine
protégé, masculine
protéoglycane, masculine
protestant, masculine
protestantisme, masculine
protêt, masculine
protocole, masculine
proton, masculine
prototype, masculine
protozoaire, masculine
provençal, masculine
proviseur, masculine
provisoire, masculine
provocateur, masculine
proxénétisme, masculine
pruneau, masculine
prunier, masculine
prurit, masculine
prussien, masculine
psautier, masculine
pseudonyme, masculine
pseudopode, masculine
psoriasis, masculine
psychostimulant, masculine
psychotrope, masculine
ptosis, masculine
public, masculine
publipostage, masculine
puceron, masculine
pugilat, masculine
puits, masculine
pull, masculine
puma, masculine
pupitre, masculine
purgatif, masculine
purgatoire, masculine
purificatoire, masculine
purin, masculine
pus, masculine
putois, masculine
puzzle, masculine
pyjama, masculine
pylône, masculine
pyrophosphate, masculine
pyrotechnicien, masculine
pyroxène, masculine
pyrrole, feminine
pythagore, masculine
python, masculine
qatar, masculine
quadrangle, feminine
quadrige, masculine
quadrille, feminine
quadrillion, masculine
quadrupède, masculine
quantile, masculine
quarantième, masculine
quark, masculine
quart, masculine
quartile, masculine
quartz, masculine
quaternaire, masculine
quatuor, masculine
québec, masculine
québécois, masculine
quelqu'un, masculine
quentin, masculine
querelleur, masculine
questionnaire, masculine
quinoa, feminine
quintal, masculine
quintette, masculine
quiz, masculine
quota, masculine
rabâcheur, masculine
rabais, masculine
rabaissement, masculine
rabat, masculine
rabbin, masculine
rabot, masculine
raccommodage, masculine
raccord, masculine
raccourci, masculine
raccourcissement, masculine
rachat, masculine
rachitisme, masculine
racisme, masculine
racketteur, masculine
radar, masculine
radeau, masculine
radian, masculine
radiateur, masculine
radical, masculine
radin, masculine
radiogramme, masculine
simone, feminine
simonne, feminine
simplesse, feminine
simplification, feminine
simulation, feminine
simultanéité, feminine
singularité, feminine
sinistrose, feminine
sinologie, feminine
sirène, feminine
sismographie, feminine
sismologie, feminine
sitiophobie, feminine
sitophobie, feminine
skieuse, feminine
skopje, feminine
slavistique, feminine
slovaquie, feminine
slovénie, feminine
smithsonite, feminine
socialisation, feminine
sociolinguistique, feminine
sociologie, feminine
sociométrie, feminine
sodalite, feminine
sodo, feminine
sodome, feminine
soeur, feminine
soirée, feminine
soixantaine, feminine
solange, feminine
solastalgie, feminine
solde, masculine
solène, feminine
solenn, feminine
solenne, feminine
solitude, feminine
sollicitude, feminine
solution, feminine
solvabilité, feminine
solvolyse, feminine
somalie, feminine
somalienne, feminine
somatostatine, feminine
somatotropine, feminine
sommation, feminine
somnolence, feminine
sonate, feminine
sonde, feminine
sonia, feminine
sonnerie, feminine
sonnette, feminine
sophie, feminine
sornette, feminine
sorte, feminine
sotériologie, feminine
sottise, feminine
souabe, masculine
soubrette, feminine
souche, feminine
soudanaise, feminine
souffrance, feminine
soufiste, masculine
soûlographie, feminine
souplesse, feminine
sourate, feminine
source, feminine
sourde, feminine
sourdine, feminine
souscription, feminine
soutane, feminine
souveraineté, feminine
soviétologie, feminine
sparte, feminine
speakerine, feminine
spécialisation, feminine
spécification, feminine
spécificité, feminine
spectatrice, feminine
spectrométrie, feminine
spectroscopie, feminine
spéculation, feminine
spéculatrice, feminine
spéléologie, feminine
spermatophobie, feminine
sphaigne, feminine
spirale, feminine
spiritualité, feminine
spironolactone, feminine
spiruline, feminine
splendeur, feminine
splénectomie, feminine
splénomégalie, feminine
spolète, feminine
stabilisation, feminine
stagflation, feminine
stagnation, feminine
standardisation, feminine
star, feminine
station, feminine
statique, feminine
statisticienne, feminine
statistique, feminine
stèle, feminine
sténographie, feminine
sténose, feminine
stéphanie, feminine
steppe, feminine
stérilisation, feminine
stérilité, feminine
stigmatisation, feminine
stipulation, feminine
stockholm, feminine
stomato, masculine
stomatologie, feminine
strangulation, feminine
strasbourgeoise, feminine
stratification, feminine
stratopause, feminine
stratosphère, feminine
strophe, feminine
structure, feminine
stupéfaction, feminine
stupidité, feminine
stygiophobie, feminine
styrie, feminine
subconscience, masculine
subérine, feminine
subjectivité, feminine
sublimation, feminine
subordination, feminine
substance, feminine
subtilité, feminine
subvention, feminine
subvocalisation, feminine
dedieu, masculine
dédifférenciation, feminine
dédramatisation, feminine
déductibilité, feminine
défaillance, feminine
défaisance, feminine
défalcation, feminine
défausse, feminine
défaveur, feminine
défection, feminine
défectivité, feminine
défectuosité, feminine
défenderesse, feminine
succession, feminine
succion, feminine
succursale, feminine
sucette, feminine
sucrerie, feminine
sucrosité, feminine
sudètes, feminine
défenestration, feminine
défenseuse, feminine
déféroxamine, feminine
défervescence, feminine
défibrillation, feminine
défiguration, feminine
déflegmation, feminine
défleuraison, feminine
déflexion, feminine
deflurane, feminine
défluviation, feminine
défoliation, feminine
défonceuse, feminine
défonçeuse, feminine
déformatrice, feminine
défragmentation, feminine
défroque, feminine
dégaine, feminine
dégénération, feminine
dégénérescence, feminine
degeyter, masculine
déglaciation, feminine
déglutination, feminine
dégueulasserie, feminine
dégustatrice, feminine
déhydrogénation, feminine
déjection, feminine
déjeunette, feminine
déjeuneuse, feminine
déjudiciarisation, feminine
dékoulakisation, feminine
délaiteuse, feminine
délation, feminine
délatrice, feminine
délectation, feminine
délégalisation, feminine
délégatrice, feminine
déléguée, feminine
délétion, feminine
delfour, masculine
délimitation, feminine
délinquance, feminine
délinquante, feminine
déliquescence, feminine
délitescence, feminine
délocalisation, feminine
delphes, feminine
delphinule, feminine
deltaméthrine, feminine
deltiologie, feminine
démagnétisation, feminine
demanderesse, feminine
demandeuse, feminine
dembeni, feminine
démentielle, feminine
demesmaeker, masculine
démesure, feminine
déméthylation, feminine
demie, feminine
demilune, feminine
déminéralisation, feminine
démodulation, feminine
démogérontie, feminine
démolinguistique, feminine
clone, masculine
clopas, masculine
cloporte, masculine
clorazépate, masculine
clos, masculine
closomat, masculine
clothianidine, masculine
cloud, masculine
cloutier, masculine
clsc, masculine
clubain, masculine
clubman, masculine
clunisien, masculine
démondialisation, feminine
démone, feminine
démonétisation, feminine
démonstratrice, feminine
démotivation, feminine
démultiplication, feminine
démyélinisation, feminine
démystification, feminine
démystificatrice, feminine
démythification, feminine
dénasalisation, feminine
dénatalité, feminine
dénationalisation, feminine
dénaturation, feminine
denault, masculine
dénazification, feminine
dendrite, feminine
dendrolâtrie, feminine
dénicheuse, feminine
dénitrification, feminine
dénombrabilité, feminine
clupe, masculine
cluster, masculine
clystère, masculine
cnes, masculine
cnidaire, masculine
cnide, masculine
cnidoblaste, masculine
cnrs, masculine
coaccusé, masculine
coach, masculine
coadjuteur, masculine
coadministrateur, masculine
coagulateur, masculine
coalisé, masculine
coassement, masculine
coati, masculine
coaticook, masculine
coauteur, masculine
coax, masculine
coaxial, masculine
cobalticinium, masculine
cobaltide, masculine
cobaltocène, masculine
cobelligérant, masculine
coca, masculine
cocaïmane, masculine
coccolithe, masculine
coccolithophore, masculine
cochet, masculine
cochin, masculine
cochonium, masculine
cocker, masculine
cockney, masculine
cocodinde, masculine
cocodrie, masculine
cocorico, masculine
cocu, masculine
cocyte, masculine
codage, masculine
codébiteur, masculine
codécouvreur, masculine
codétenteur, masculine
codétenu, masculine
codeur, masculine
codex, masculine
codicille, masculine
codificateur, masculine
codirecteur, masculine
cododo, masculine
codomaine, masculine
codon, masculine
coéditeur, masculine
cœlentéré, masculine
cœmetière, masculine
cœnobite, masculine
coffrage, masculine
cofinancement, masculine
cofondateur, masculine
cofrittage, masculine
cogito, masculine
cognement, masculine
cogroupe, masculine
cohéreur, masculine
cohéritier, masculine
cohobat, masculine
coi, masculine
coincé, masculine
coincoin, masculine
coïnculpé, masculine
coinsto, masculine
coinstot, masculine
cointéressé, masculine
coïntéressé, masculine
cola, masculine
colback, masculine
colcotar, masculine
coléoptile, masculine
coléus, masculine
colibacille, masculine
colibrettiste, masculine
radiomètre, masculine
radionavigant, masculine
radiorécepteur, masculine
radiotéléphone, masculine
radiotélescope, masculine
radis, masculine
radium, masculine
radius, masculine
radon, masculine
raffinage, masculine
rafistolage, masculine
rafraîchissement, masculine
ragnagnas, masculine
raid, masculine
raifort, masculine
rail, masculine
râleur, masculine
râleuse, masculine
ramadan, masculine
rameau, masculine
ramoneur, masculine
rançongiciel, masculine
rang, masculine
raoul, masculine
rapace, masculine
rapatriement, masculine
raphaël, masculine
rapiéçage, masculine
rapporteur, masculine
rapprochement, masculine
raseur, masculine
raskolnik, masculine
rasoir, masculine
rassemblement, masculine
rat, masculine
ratafia, masculine
râteau, masculine
ratio, masculine
ravage, masculine
ravin, masculine
ravissement, masculine
ravisseur, masculine
ravitaillement, masculine
rayon, masculine
réacteur, masculine
réalgar, masculine
réalisateur, masculine
réalisme, masculine
recèlement, masculine
recensement, masculine
récépissé, masculine
récepteur, masculine
rechange, feminine
réchauffement, masculine
récif, masculine
récipient, masculine
récit, masculine
réconfort, masculine
recours, masculine
rectum, masculine
reçu, masculine
recueil, masculine
recul, masculine
recyclage, masculine
rédacteur, masculine
rédempteur, masculine
redressement, masculine
réescompte, masculine
référendum, masculine
réflecteur, masculine
reflet, masculine
réformateur, masculine
refrain, masculine
refroidissement, masculine
réfugié, masculine
régent, masculine
reggae, masculine
régime, masculine
régionalisme, masculine
registre, masculine
règlement, masculine
règne, masculine
regret, masculine
rejet, masculine
rejeton, masculine
relâchement, masculine
relieur, masculine
reliquaire, masculine
reliquat, masculine
remboursement, masculine
remède, masculine
remerciement, masculine
réméré, masculine
remetteur, masculine
remi, masculine
rémi, masculine
remisier, masculine
remords, masculine
rempart, masculine
remplaçant, masculine
remplacement, masculine
remuant, masculine
remy, masculine
rémy, masculine
renart, masculine
renchérisseur, masculine
rendu, feminine
rené, masculine
renforcement, masculine
reniement, masculine
renne, masculine
renoncement, masculine
renouveau, masculine
renvoi, masculine
repentir, masculine
répertoire, masculine
repli, masculine
répondant, masculine
répons, masculine
reportage, masculine
repos, masculine
représentant, masculine
reproche, masculine
reptile, masculine
républicain, masculine
républicanisme, masculine
réquisitoire, masculine
réserviste, masculine
réservoir, masculine
résident, masculine
résidu, masculine
résineux, masculine
respirateur, masculine
ressentiment, masculine
ressort, masculine
restant, masculine
restaurateur, masculine
resto, masculine
résumé, masculine
retardateur, masculine
retardement, masculine
réticulocyte, masculine
suédoise, feminine
sueur, feminine
suez, feminine
suffisance, feminine
suffragette, feminine
suggestion, feminine
sugilite, feminine
suicidée, feminine
suicidologie, feminine
suisse, masculine
sujétion, feminine
sulfadiazine, feminine
sumatra, masculine
supercherie, feminine
supérette, feminine
superfétation, feminine
superficie, feminine
supernova, feminine
superstition, feminine
superstructure, feminine
suppléante, feminine
suppression, feminine
supraconductivité, feminine
suprématie, feminine
suraccumulation, feminine
suralimentation, feminine
surcharge, feminine
surdose, feminine
surélévation, feminine
surestimation, feminine
sûreté, feminine
surexposition, feminine
surimposition, feminine
surindustralisation, feminine
surpopulation, feminine
surproduction, feminine
survaleur, feminine
survie, feminine
survivance, feminine
suspension, feminine
suzanne, feminine
sybarite, masculine
syllabe, feminine
sylphide, feminine
sylvaine, feminine
sylve, feminine
sylvia, feminine
sylviane, feminine
sylviculture, feminine
sylvie, feminine
symbiose, feminine
symbolique, feminine
symbolisation, feminine
symétrie, feminine
sympathectomie, feminine
synanthropie, feminine
synanthropisation, feminine
synapse, feminine
synchronicité, feminine
synchronie, feminine
synchronisation, feminine
synchronisme, masculine
syncope, feminine
synecdoque, feminine
synergie, feminine
synesthésie, feminine
synostose, feminine
syntaxe, feminine
synthèse, feminine
syphilis, feminine
syphilophobie, feminine
syracusaine, feminine
syrie, feminine
syrienne, feminine
systématique, feminine
systématisation, feminine
systole, feminine
tablette, feminine
tachkent, feminine
tachophobie, feminine
tachycardie, feminine
tactique, feminine
tadjike, feminine
taeniase, feminine
tahitienne, feminine
taie, feminine
taïga, feminine
taillade, feminine
tallin, feminine
taloche, feminine
tamise, feminine
tamoule, feminine
tamoulophone, masculine
tangibilité, feminine
tania, feminine
tanorexie, feminine
tanorexique, masculine
tanzanie, feminine
tanzanienne, feminine
tanzanite, feminine
taoïste, masculine
tape, feminine
tapette, feminine
tapeuse, feminine
tapisserie, feminine
tarière, feminine
tarte, feminine
tartelette, feminine
tartine, feminine
tartuferie, feminine
tashkent, feminine
tasmanie, feminine
tasse, feminine
tatiana, feminine
tatoueuse, feminine
taupe, feminine
tauride, feminine
taurine, feminine
tauromachie, feminine
tautologie, feminine
taverne, feminine
taxe, feminine
taxidermie, feminine
taxie, masculine
taxinomie, feminine
tbilissi, feminine
tchécoslovaquie, feminine
tchéquie, feminine
tchétchénie, feminine
technique, feminine
technocratie, feminine
technologie, feminine
tectonique, feminine
teinture, feminine
télé, feminine
télécommande, feminine
télécommunication, feminine
téléconférence, feminine
télégraphie, feminine
télémétrie, feminine
télépathie, feminine
téléphonie, feminine
téléportation, feminine
téléspectatrice, feminine
télévision, feminine
témérité, feminine
température, feminine
tendance, feminine
tendresse, feminine
tendreur, feminine
ténérife, feminine
ténériffe, feminine
teneur, masculine
ténosynovite, feminine
tentacule, masculine
tentation, feminine
tente, feminine
tenture, feminine
tenue, feminine
ténuité, feminine
tératogenèse, feminine
tératophobie, feminine
térébenthine, feminine
dénotation, feminine
densification, feminine
densimétrie, feminine
dentale, masculine
dentellerie, feminine
dentellière, feminine
dentelure, feminine
denticité, feminine
dentine, feminine
dentisterie, feminine
denture, feminine
dénudation, feminine
dénutrition, feminine
déontologie, feminine
dépanneuse, feminine
départementalisation, feminine
dépeceuse, feminine
dépendante, feminine
dépendeuse, feminine
dépersonnalisation, feminine
déphosphoration, feminine
dépilation, feminine
déplantation, feminine
déplétion, feminine
dépolitisation, feminine
dépollution, feminine
dépolymérisation, feminine
dépopulation, feminine
déposante, feminine
déposition, feminine
dépossession, feminine
dépouille, feminine
dépravation, feminine
déprécation, feminine
dépréciatrice, feminine
déprédation, feminine
déprédatrice, feminine
dépréfixation, feminine
dépressurisation, feminine
déprise, feminine
déprogrammation, feminine
déprotonation, feminine
déprotonisation, feminine
dépuration, feminine
députée, feminine
der, masculine
dératisation, feminine
déréglementation, feminine
dérégulation, feminine
déréliction, feminine
dérivabilité, feminine
dérivée, feminine
dermabrasion, feminine
dermatographie, feminine
colifichet, masculine
coliforme, masculine
colimaçon, masculine
colineau, masculine
colinguisme, masculine
colinot, masculine
colisée, masculine
colistier, masculine
collagène, masculine
collargol, masculine
collateur, masculine
dermatophytose, feminine
dermatopontine, feminine
dermatose, feminine
dermeste, feminine
dermographie, feminine
dérobade, feminine
deroche, masculine
dérouillée, feminine
dérouine, feminine
désacétylation, feminine
désacralisation, feminine
désadhérence, feminine
désafférentation, feminine
désaffiliation, feminine
désaimantation, feminine
désaisonnalisation, feminine
désalinisation, feminine
désaminase, feminine
désamination, feminine
désarticulation, feminine
désassimilation, feminine
desaulniers, masculine
descenderie, feminine
deschanel, masculine
déscolarisation, feminine
déségrégation, feminine
déserteuse, feminine
désescalade, feminine
désexcitation, feminine
déshérence, feminine
déshumanisation, feminine
déshydratase, feminine
déshydroascorbate, feminine
deshydrogenase, feminine
déshydrogénase, feminine
déshydrohalogénation, feminine
désincrustation, feminine
désinence, feminine
désinsectisation, feminine
désinstallation, feminine
collecteur, masculine
collégien, masculine
collembole, masculine
colletage, masculine
colleteur, masculine
colletin, masculine
colleur, masculine
colley, masculine
collisionneur, masculine
collodion, masculine
collutoire, masculine
colluvion, masculine
collyre, masculine
colmar, masculine
colmatage, masculine
colombage, masculine
colombard, masculine
colombier, masculine
colombo, masculine
colonat, masculine
colonial, masculine
colophène, masculine
colophon, masculine
colorimètre, masculine
coloris, masculine
colossiens, masculine
colt, masculine
coltainville, masculine
coltan, masculine
colubridé, masculine
columbarium, masculine
comanche, masculine
combani, masculine
rétinal, masculine
rétinoblastome, masculine
rétinoïde, masculine
retour, masculine
retrait, masculine
retraité, masculine
rétrécissement, masculine
retsina, masculine
revenu, masculine
réverbère, masculine
revers, masculine
revêtement, masculine
rêveur, masculine
révisionnisme, masculine
revoir, masculine
rhassoul, masculine
rhénium, masculine
rhin, masculine
rhinocéros, masculine
rhizome, masculine
rhodien, masculine
rhodium, masculine
rhombe, masculine
rhône, masculine
rhum, masculine
rhumatisant, masculine
rhumatisme, masculine
rideau, masculine
rigolo, masculine
rigorisme, masculine
rinçage, masculine
désintox, feminine
désinvolture, feminine
désirabilité, feminine
desjardins, masculine
desmarais, masculine
desmographie, feminine
desmologie, feminine
desnoyers, masculine
désodorisation, feminine
désolidarisation, feminine
désolvatation, feminine
désourisation, feminine
désoxyadénosine, feminine
désoxydation, feminine
désoxygénation, feminine
désoxyhémoglobine, feminine
désoxyribonucleoside, feminine
desrochers, masculine
dessacheuse, feminine
desserte, feminine
desservante, feminine
dessiccation, feminine
combinateur, masculine
combishort, masculine
comblement, masculine
comburant, masculine
comeback, masculine
coméliau, masculine
comics, masculine
comino, masculine
comitatif, masculine
commandeur, masculine
commensalisme, masculine
commercial, masculine
commettant, masculine
comminges, masculine
commis, masculine
communard, masculine
communiant, masculine
commutateur, masculine
comorien, masculine
risotto, masculine
rite, masculine
rituel, masculine
rivage, masculine
rival, masculine
riyad, masculine
roaming, masculine
robert, masculine
robot, masculine
roch, masculine
rochet, masculine
rodolphe, masculine
roentgenium, masculine
rognon, masculine
roitelet, masculine
roland, masculine
romain, masculine
romanche, masculine
romancier, masculine
romantisme, masculine
romarin, masculine
roméo, masculine
romuald, masculine
ronan, masculine
ronde, feminine
rondeau, masculine
rongeur, masculine
rosbif, masculine
roseau, masculine
rosier, masculine
rotavirus, masculine
rotaxane, masculine
rôti, masculine
rôtisseur, masculine
rottweiler, masculine
roturier, masculine
rouanda, masculine
rouble, masculine
roucoulement, masculine
rouet, masculine
rouleau, masculine
roulement, masculine
roumain, masculine
roundi, masculine
roux, masculine
roy, feminine
compact, masculine
compactage, masculine
compacteur, masculine
compactifié, masculine
comparateur, masculine
comparatisme, masculine
compassement, masculine
compendium, masculine
compère, masculine
compétiteur, masculine
complètement, masculine
complétement, masculine
ruanda, masculine
ruban, masculine
rubidium, masculine
rubis, masculine
rucher, masculine
rugby, masculine
rugissement, masculine
ruisseau, masculine
rundi, masculine
ruthénium, masculine
rutherfordium, masculine
rwanda, masculine
rwandais, masculine
sablier, masculine
sabordage, masculine
saboteur, masculine
sabre, masculine
sacha, masculine
sachet, masculine
sacrifice, masculine
sacrilège, masculine
sacristain, masculine
sadisme, masculine
sadomasochisme, masculine
safran, masculine
sahara, masculine
sahib, masculine
saïd, masculine
saignement, masculine
saillant, masculine
saïmiri, masculine
saindoux, masculine
salafisme, masculine
salaire, masculine
salariat, masculine
salaud, masculine
salomon, masculine
salon, masculine
salop, masculine
salopard, masculine
saltimbanque, masculine
salto, masculine
salvador, masculine
salzbourg, masculine
samarium, masculine
samedi, masculine
samovar, masculine
samuel, masculine
sanctuaire, masculine
sandre, masculine
sang, masculine
sanglier, masculine
sango, masculine
terminaison, feminine
terminologie, feminine
terrasse, feminine
terrine, feminine
testostérone, feminine
tétine, feminine
tétracycline, feminine
tétragone, masculine
tétrahydrobioptérine, feminine
tétraplégie, feminine
tétraplégique, masculine
teuf, feminine
thaasophobie, feminine
thaïlandaise, feminine
thaïlande, feminine
thalassémie, feminine
thalassophobie, feminine
thalassothérapie, feminine
thanatophobie, feminine
théière, feminine
théine, feminine
thématique, feminine
théobromine, feminine
théodicée, feminine
théodora, feminine
théophylline, feminine
théoricienne, feminine
théorie, feminine
théosophie, feminine
thérapeutique, feminine
thérapie, feminine
thérèse, feminine
thermochimie, feminine
thermodynamique, feminine
thermogenèse, feminine
thermographie, feminine
thermoluminescence, feminine
thermopause, feminine
thermophobie, feminine
thermopyles, feminine
thésaurisation, feminine
thèse, feminine
thessalie, feminine
thessalonique, feminine
thora, feminine
thrace, masculine
thréonine, feminine
thrombocytopénie, feminine
thrombopénie, feminine
thrombose, feminine
thurgovie, feminine
thuringe, feminine
thuyone, feminine
thymine, feminine
thyréolibérine, feminine
thyréotropine, feminine
thyroïde, feminine
thyroxine, feminine
tibériade, feminine
tibétaine, feminine
tierce, feminine
tignasse, feminine
tigresse, feminine
timbale, feminine
timidité, feminine
tinette, feminine
tiphaine, masculine
tire, masculine
tirelire, feminine
tisane, feminine
tisseuse, feminine
titanite, feminine
titine, feminine
titrisation, feminine
tocophobie, feminine
toge, feminine
toilette, feminine
toilettes, feminine
toison, feminine
toiture, feminine
tôle, feminine
tolède, feminine
tolérance, feminine
tomate, feminine
tombola, feminine
tomographie, feminine
tonalité, feminine
tondeuse, feminine
tonka, feminine
tonne, feminine
tonnelle, feminine
tonnellerie, feminine
tonsillectomie, feminine
topaze, feminine
topographie, feminine
topologie, feminine
toponymie, feminine
toquade, feminine
toque, masculine
torche, feminine
tornade, feminine
torpille, feminine
torsion, feminine
tortille, feminine
torture, feminine
toscane, feminine
totipotence, feminine
touche, feminine
touffe, feminine
touffeur, feminine
toulousaine, feminine
toundra, feminine
toune, feminine
touraine, feminine
tourbe, feminine
tourbière, feminine
tourmaline, feminine
tourmente, feminine
tournée, feminine
tournelle, feminine
tours, feminine
tourterelle, feminine
toussaint, feminine
toux, feminine
toxicité, feminine
toxicomane, masculine
toxicomanie, feminine
toxicophobie, feminine
toxine, feminine
toxoplasmose, feminine
trace, feminine
trachée, feminine
trachéotomie, feminine
trachyte, feminine
tractation, feminine
tractrice, feminine
tradition, feminine
traductibilité, feminine
tragédie, feminine
tragicomédie, feminine
traite, feminine
tranche, feminine
transaction, feminine
transatlantique, masculine
transbaïkalie, feminine
transcaucasie, feminine
transcendance, feminine
transcription, feminine
transdniestrie, feminine
transe, feminine
transferrine, feminine
transfiguration, feminine
transfusion, feminine
transition, feminine
transjordanie, feminine
translation, feminine
translittération, feminine
transmigration, feminine
transmission, feminine
transmutation, feminine
transparence, feminine
sanskrit, masculine
sansonnet, masculine
santiago, masculine
saoudien, masculine
saphir, masculine
sapin, masculine
saprophage, masculine
saprophyte, masculine
sarcasme, masculine
sarcome, masculine
sarrasin, masculine
sassarais, masculine
satan, masculine
satellite, masculine
saturne, masculine
saturnisme, masculine
satyre, masculine
saucisson, masculine
saule, masculine
saumon, masculine
sauna, masculine
saut, masculine
sauté, masculine
sauteur, masculine
sauveteur, masculine
savant, masculine
savoir, masculine
savoyard, masculine
saxhorn, masculine
destitution, feminine
déstructuration, feminine
destruxine, feminine
désuétude, feminine
désuffixation, feminine
désulfhydrase, feminine
désulfuration, feminine
désunion, feminine
désynchronisation, feminine
détaillante, feminine
détaxation, feminine
détaxe, feminine
détection, feminine
détentrice, feminine
détenue, feminine
saxon, masculine
saxophone, masculine
scandale, masculine
scapulaire, masculine
scarabée, masculine
sceau, masculine
scélérat, masculine
scellé, masculine
scénario, masculine
scepticisme, masculine
sceptre, masculine
schah, masculine
schéma, masculine
schisme, masculine
scientisme, masculine
scolex, masculine
scolyte, masculine
scorbut, masculine
scorpion, masculine
scrapbooking, masculine
scribe, masculine
scripteur, masculine
scrotum, masculine
scrutin, masculine
sculpteur, masculine
seaborgium, masculine
sébaste, masculine
sébastien, masculine
sébum, masculine
secours, masculine
secrétariat, masculine
secteur, masculine
sécularisme, masculine
sédiment, masculine
séducteur, masculine
segment, masculine
seigle, masculine
seigneur, masculine
séisme, masculine
séismographe, masculine
seitan, masculine
séjour, masculine
sélectionneur, masculine
sellier, masculine
sem, masculine
semestre, masculine
semeur, masculine
séminaire, masculine
détersion, feminine
détoxication, feminine
détoxification, feminine
détrempe, feminine
détrousseuse, feminine
détumescence, feminine
dévalorisation, feminine
devancière, feminine
devanture, feminine
devastatrice, feminine
développante, feminine
développeuse, feminine
développoïde, feminine
déverbalisation, feminine
dévergondage, feminine
déviance, feminine
devineresse, feminine
dévitalisation, feminine
dévitrification, feminine
dévoisement, feminine
dévotion, feminine
dexaméthasone, feminine
dextérité, feminine
dextralité, feminine
dextrine, feminine
dextrocardie, feminine
dgse, feminine
diabase, feminine
diablerie, feminine
diachronie, feminine
diaclase, feminine
diaconesse, feminine
diacritique, masculine
diagenèse, feminine
diagénèse, feminine
diagonale, feminine
semoir, masculine
sénat, masculine
sénateur, masculine
sénégalais, masculine
senet, masculine
sentier, masculine
sentiment, masculine
séparatisme, masculine
septilien, masculine
séquoia, masculine
serge, feminine
sergent, masculine
sergueïevitch, masculine
sérieux, masculine
sérif, masculine
serment, masculine
sermon, masculine
serrurier, masculine
serval, masculine
serveur, masculine
service, masculine
servofrein, masculine
sesquioxyde, masculine
seuil, masculine
séverin, masculine
sexe, masculine
sexisme, masculine
sextuple, masculine
sexualisme, masculine
seychellois, masculine
sgraffite, masculine
shabbat, masculine
shaker, masculine
shampoing, masculine
shampooing, masculine
shekel, masculine
shékel, masculine
shérif, masculine
shinto, masculine
shintoïsme, masculine
shit, masculine
shogun, masculine
shophar, masculine
shtiebel, masculine
siam, masculine
siamois, masculine
sichuan, masculine
sicilien, masculine
sicle, masculine
diagonalisabilité, feminine
diagraphie, feminine
dialecticienne, feminine
diamide, feminine
diamine, feminine
diamniadio, feminine
diane, feminine
dianétique, feminine
diapédèse, feminine
diaphanéité, feminine
diaphanoscopie, feminine
diaphonie, feminine
diaphorèse, feminine
diaphyse, feminine
diapo, feminine
diarchie, feminine
diarthrose, feminine
diascopie, feminine
diastase, feminine
diastole, feminine
diathermanéité, feminine
diathèse, feminine
diatomicité, feminine
diatomite, feminine
diazépine, feminine
diazotation, feminine
dicentra, feminine
dichogamie, feminine
dichromatopsie, feminine
dicibilité, feminine
dicotylédone, feminine
dictatrice, feminine
didascalie, feminine
didon, feminine
diduction, feminine
diégèse, feminine
dieppoise, feminine
diérèse, feminine
diésélification, feminine
diététicienne, feminine
dieumegard, masculine
diffa, feminine
diffamatrice, feminine
différance, feminine
différentielle, feminine
compliment, masculine
complimenteur, masculine
comploteur, masculine
complotisme, masculine
composite, masculine
composteur, masculine
compotier, masculine
compoundage, masculine
siclé, masculine
sida, masculine
sidon, masculine
siennois, masculine
sifflement, masculine
sifflet, masculine
sigismond, masculine
sigle, masculine
difformité, feminine
diffraction, feminine
diffractométrie, feminine
diffusibilité, feminine
digestibilité, feminine
digitaline, feminine
digitalisation, feminine
digitation, feminine
digitoplastie, feminine
digraphie, feminine
digynie, feminine
dihydrotestostérone, feminine
dihydroxyacétone, feminine
dijonnaise, feminine
dilacération, feminine
dilapidation, feminine
dilapidatrice, feminine
dilatation, feminine
dilation, feminine
comprachico, masculine
comprovincial, masculine
comptage, masculine
comput, masculine
comtoir, masculine
comtois, masculine
conard, masculine
concatémère, masculine
concentrateur, masculine
conceptacle, masculine
concepteur, masculine
conceptisme, masculine
conceptualisme, masculine
concertino, masculine
concerto, masculine
concile, masculine
conciliabule, masculine
conciliateur, masculine
conclaviste, masculine
concurrent, masculine
condensat, masculine
condenseur, masculine
conditionnement, masculine
conditionneur, masculine
condominium, masculine
condor, masculine
condottiere, masculine
condyle, masculine
confectionneur, masculine
conférencier, masculine
confessionnalisme, masculine
confetti, masculine
confident, masculine
confinement, masculine
confirmand, masculine
confiscateur, masculine
confiseur, masculine
confit, masculine
confiturier, masculine
conformateur, masculine
confusionnisme, masculine
conge, masculine
congélo, masculine
congiaire, masculine
conglomérat, masculine
conglutinant, masculine
congoïde, masculine
congolais, masculine
congre, masculine
conide, masculine
conjugueur, masculine
conjungo, masculine
conjurateur, masculine
connétable, masculine
connil, masculine
connoisseur, masculine
connu, masculine
conoc, masculine
conogan, masculine
conoïde, masculine
conscrit, masculine
consécrateur, masculine
conseiller, masculine
transphobie, feminine
transsexualité, feminine
transsubstantiation, feminine
transylvanie, feminine
traumatologie, feminine
traumatophobie, feminine
traversée, feminine
trazodone, feminine
treille, feminine
trémophobie, feminine
trentaine, feminine
trépanation, feminine
tresse, feminine
trétinoïne, feminine
trêve, feminine
trévise, feminine
triade, feminine
triangulation, feminine
triathlète, masculine
tribu, feminine
trichomanie, feminine
trichophobie, feminine
trichotillomanie, feminine
trieste, feminine
trifluvienne, feminine
trigonométrie, feminine
triiodothyronine, feminine
trilogie, feminine
triméthylglycine, feminine
tringle, feminine
trinité, feminine
triode, feminine
triphtongue, feminine
tripode, masculine
trisection, feminine
triskaïdékaphobie, feminine
triskèle, masculine
tristesse, feminine
troie, feminine
trombe, feminine
tromperie, feminine
trompette, feminine
trompeuse, feminine
troposphère, feminine
trotteuse, feminine
troupe, feminine
trouvaille, feminine
truie, feminine
truite, feminine
trypanophobie, feminine
tsampa, feminine
tsarine, feminine
tuberculine, feminine
tuberculophobie, feminine
tuberculose, feminine
tuerie, feminine
tueuse, feminine
tuile, feminine
tularémie, feminine
tulipe, feminine
tuméfaction, feminine
tumorogenèse, feminine
tunique, feminine
tunisie, feminine
tunisienne, feminine
turbidimétrie, feminine
turbidité, feminine
turbulence, feminine
turinoise, feminine
turque, feminine
turquie, feminine
turquoise, masculine
tutelle, feminine
tutrice, feminine
typographie, feminine
typologie, feminine
tyrannie, feminine
tyrolienne, feminine
tyrosine, feminine
ubiquité, feminine
ukrainienne, feminine
unanimité, feminine
unification, feminine
uniformité, feminine
universalité, feminine
urania, feminine
urémie, feminine
urgence, feminine
urination, feminine
urne, feminine
urolagnie, feminine
urophilie, feminine
ursule, feminine
urticaire, feminine
uruguayenne, feminine
usagère, feminine
usucapion, feminine
usurière, feminine
usurpation, feminine
usurpatrice, feminine
utilisatrice, feminine
utopie, feminine
uvite, feminine
vacance, feminine
vacances, feminine
vaccination, feminine
vacuité, feminine
vagotonie, feminine
vague, masculine
vaguelette, feminine
vaillance, feminine
vaisselle, feminine
valachie, feminine
valaquie, feminine
valence, feminine
valencienne, feminine
valentine, feminine
valérie, feminine
valeur, feminine
validité, feminine
valkyrie, feminine
vallée, feminine
valse, feminine
valve, feminine
vanda, masculine
vanessa, feminine
vanille, feminine
vanilline, feminine
vanité, feminine
vannerie, feminine
vantardise, feminine
vaporisation, feminine
varappe, feminine
variance, feminine
variation, feminine
varicelle, feminine
variscite, feminine
varmie, feminine
varna, feminine
varsovie, feminine
varsovienne, feminine
vase, masculine
vasectomie, feminine
vaseline, feminine
vasodilatation, feminine
vasopressine, feminine
vedette, feminine
végan, masculine
végane, masculine
végétalienne, feminine
végétarienne, feminine
veille, feminine
veine, feminine
vélomobile, masculine
vendeuse, feminine
venelle, feminine
sigma, masculine
signal, masculine
signalement, masculine
signe, masculine
sikhisme, masculine
silane, masculine
silencieux, masculine
silex, masculine
silicium, masculine
sillon, masculine
silure, masculine
silvère, masculine
simoun, masculine
simulacre, masculine
simulateur, masculine
sinaï, masculine
sinapisme, masculine
singapour, masculine
singulier, masculine
sinistré, masculine
sinus, masculine
sionisme, masculine
sira, masculine
siracide, masculine
sirocco, masculine
sismographe, masculine
sisyphe, masculine
site, masculine
situationnisme, masculine
sixte, feminine
skieur, masculine
skunks, masculine
skyrmion, masculine
slalom, masculine
slavisme, masculine
slip, masculine
slogan, masculine
socle, masculine
sodium, masculine
sofa, masculine
soir, masculine
soja, masculine
solide, masculine
soliloque, masculine
solon, masculine
solstice, masculine
solvant, masculine
somali, masculine
somalien, masculine
sommaire, masculine
sommier, masculine
sondage, masculine
sonnet, masculine
sonneur, masculine
sophisme, masculine
sorbet, masculine
sorbier, feminine
sorcier, masculine
sorrente, masculine
soudan, masculine
soudanais, masculine
soudeur, masculine
souffleur, masculine
soufisme, masculine
soufre, masculine
souhait, masculine
soulagement, masculine
soulier, masculine
souper, masculine
soupir, masculine
souterrain, masculine
soutien, masculine
souverain, masculine
sovkhoz, masculine
sovkhoze, masculine
spadice, masculine
sparadrap, masculine
spasme, masculine
spécimen, masculine
spécisme, masculine
spectacle, masculine
spectateur, masculine
spectre, masculine
spectrophotomètre, masculine
spéculateur, masculine
spermatozoïde, masculine
sperme, masculine
spermophile, masculine
sphincter, masculine
sphinx, masculine
spitzberg, masculine
spondylolisthésis, masculine
spoutnik, masculine
squale, masculine
squalène, masculine
stade, masculine
staline, masculine
stalinisme, masculine
stand, masculine
stanislas, masculine
stationnement, masculine
statisticien, masculine
statut, masculine
stégosaure, masculine
stéphane, feminine
stéréotype, masculine
sternum, masculine
stéroïde, masculine
stérol, masculine
stéthoscope, masculine
stimulateur, masculine
dilatométrie, feminine
dilution, feminine
dîme, feminine
dimensionnalité, feminine
dimérisation, feminine
diméthylglycine, feminine
dinanderie, feminine
dînette, feminine
dineuse, feminine
dîneuse, feminine
dinguerie, feminine
dinh, masculine
dintilhac, masculine
diode, feminine
diogénite, feminine
stockage, masculine
store, masculine
strasbourg, masculine
strasbourgeois, masculine
stratagème, masculine
stratège, masculine
stress, masculine
strontium, masculine
stupéfiant, masculine
dioléfine, feminine
dionée, feminine
dioptase, feminine
dioptrique, feminine
diorite, feminine
dioscoréacée, feminine
diosmine, feminine
diphénadione, feminine
diphthérie, feminine
diphthongaison, feminine
diphthongue, feminine
diphtongaison, feminine
diphyodontie, feminine
diplégie, feminine
diplopie, feminine
dipsacacée, feminine
directivité, feminine
directrice, feminine
disamare, feminine
discarthrose, feminine
disco, masculine
discographie, feminine
discontinuité, feminine
discopathie, feminine
discophilie, feminine
discordance, feminine
discoureuse, feminine
discourtoisie, feminine
discréditation, feminine
discrépance, feminine
discrétisation, feminine
discriminatrice, feminine
disculpation, feminine
discutante, feminine
discuteuse, feminine
disetteuse, feminine
diseuse, feminine
disgression, feminine
disharmonie, feminine
disjonction, feminine
disneuse, feminine
disomie, feminine
disparation, feminine
conseilleur, masculine
conseillisme, masculine
conséquent, masculine
conserans, masculine
consignataire, masculine
consonantisme, masculine
conspirateur, masculine
dispensatrice, feminine
disputeuse, feminine
disqualification, feminine
disqueuse, feminine
disquisition, feminine
disruption, feminine
dissécation, feminine
dissection, feminine
dissemblance, feminine
dissémination, feminine
dissidence, feminine
dissimilation, feminine
dissimilitude, feminine
dissimulation, feminine
dissociation, feminine
dissolubilité, feminine
dissolution, feminine
dissonance, feminine
dissuasion, feminine
dissymétrie, feminine
distalité, feminine
distanciation, feminine
distension, feminine
distillatrice, feminine
distillerie, feminine
distinguabilité, feminine
distributivité, feminine
distributrice, feminine
dition, feminine
diurèse, feminine
divagation, feminine
diversion, feminine
diverticule, feminine
diverticulose, feminine
divinisation, feminine
divulgatrice, feminine
conspirationnisme, masculine
constantinopolitain, masculine
constituant, masculine
constitutionnalisme, masculine
containeur, masculine
contemplateur, masculine
contempteur, masculine
contenant, masculine
conteneur, masculine
contentieux, masculine
contenu, masculine
contestateur, masculine
continuo, masculine
continuum, masculine
contournement, masculine
contraire, masculine
contralto, masculine
dizainière, feminine
dizenière, feminine
djaïne, feminine
djaïpour, feminine
djandjou, masculine
djellaba, feminine
djembéfola, masculine
djeule, feminine
dlle, feminine
dna, feminine
do, masculine
docimasie, feminine
docimologie, feminine
docteure, feminine
docteuse, feminine
doctorante, feminine
doctoresse, feminine
docufiction, feminine
dogaresse, feminine
contrebas, masculine
contrebasson, masculine
contrechamp, masculine
contrecœur, masculine
contrecoup, masculine
contrefacteur, masculine
contrejour, masculine
contremaitre, masculine
contrepied, masculine
contrepoids, masculine
contrepoint, masculine
contresens, masculine
contrespionnage, masculine
contretemps, masculine
contretorpilleur, masculine
contrevenant, masculine
contrexemple, masculine
contributeur, masculine
contrordre, masculine
convel, masculine
convenant, masculine
convent, masculine
conventionalisme, masculine
conventionnalisme, masculine
conventionnel, masculine
conventionnement, masculine
converbe, masculine
convertisseur, masculine
convoyage, masculine
convoyeur, masculine
convoyon, masculine
conylène, masculine
cookie, masculine
coolie, masculine
coopérant, masculine
coopérateur, masculine
coopératisme, masculine
coopérite, masculine
coordinat, masculine
coordinateur, masculine
coordonnateur, masculine
cop, masculine
copal, masculine
coparent, masculine
copiage, masculine
copieur, masculine
copilotage, masculine
copinage, masculine
coponnier, masculine
coppa, masculine
copra, masculine
coprah, masculine
coprésident, masculine
coproducteur, masculine
coproduit, masculine
coprolithe, masculine
copte, masculine
copycat, masculine
copyright, masculine
vénétie, feminine
vengeance, feminine
venise, feminine
vénitienne, feminine
vente, feminine
ventilation, feminine
ventouse, feminine
venue, feminine
vénus, feminine
vêpres, feminine
véracité, feminine
véranda, feminine
verdure, feminine
vergeture, feminine
vermine, feminine
vermiphobie, feminine
véro, feminine
vérone, feminine
véronique, feminine
verrerie, feminine
verrue, feminine
version, feminine
verte, feminine
vertu, feminine
vespasienne, feminine
vessie, feminine
veste, feminine
veuve, feminine
vexillologie, feminine
viande, feminine
vibration, feminine
vicence, feminine
vicinité, feminine
vicissitude, feminine
vicomtesse, feminine
victime, feminine
victimologie, feminine
victoire, feminine
vidéo, feminine
viduité, feminine
vieillarde, feminine
vieille, feminine
vieillerie, feminine
vieillesse, feminine
vienne, feminine
viennoise, feminine
vientiane, feminine
vietnamienne, feminine
vigie, feminine
vigne, feminine
vignoble, masculine
vigueur, feminine
vildagliptine, feminine
villageoise, feminine
vinaigrette, feminine
vingtaine, feminine
vinification, feminine
violaine, feminine
violation, feminine
viole, feminine
violette, feminine
vipère, feminine
virginie, feminine
virgule, feminine
virilité, feminine
virologie, feminine
virtuosité, feminine
viscosité, feminine
visibilité, feminine
vision, feminine
visite, feminine
vistule, feminine
visualisation, feminine
vitesse, feminine
vitre, feminine
vitrine, feminine
viviane, feminine
vivienne, feminine
vocalisation, feminine
vocation, feminine
vodka, feminine
vogue, feminine
voile, masculine
voilure, feminine
voirie, feminine
voisine, feminine
volaille, feminine
voleuse, feminine
volga, feminine
volhynie, feminine
volière, feminine
volupté, feminine
vomissure, feminine
vosges, feminine
votation, feminine
voyageuse, feminine
voyante, feminine
vraisemblance, feminine
vrille, feminine
vulnérabilité, feminine
vulve, feminine
vulvodynie, feminine
wallonie, feminine
welsche, feminine
wikipédia, feminine
wolframite, feminine
xanthine, feminine
xavière, feminine
xénophile, masculine
xénophilie, feminine
xérophtalmie, feminine
xérophyte, feminine
xylographie, feminine
yalta, feminine
yasmina, feminine
ylane, feminine
yolande, feminine
yolène, feminine
yseult, feminine
yvonne, feminine
zad, feminine
zambie, feminine
zarzuela, feminine
zébue, feminine
zélophobie, feminine
zibeline, feminine
zinguerie, feminine
zizanie, feminine
zoé, feminine
zoïsite, feminine
zone, feminine
zonzon, feminine
zoogéographie, feminine
zoolâtre, masculine
zoolâtrie, feminine
zoologie, feminine
zoophobie, feminine
zoospore, feminine
zootechnie, feminine
zoroastrienne, feminine
stylobate, masculine
subalterne, masculine
sublimé, masculine
subordinatianisme, masculine
subordonné, masculine
suboxyde, masculine
substitut, masculine
substrat, masculine
subthalamus, masculine
suc, masculine
succédané, masculine
successeur, masculine
succinate, masculine
suçon, masculine
sucrier, masculine
suédois, masculine
suffixe, masculine
suffrage, masculine
suicide, masculine
suicidé, masculine
suif, masculine
suivisme, masculine
sujet, masculine
sulfate, masculine
sultan, masculine
sultanat, masculine
sumo, masculine
sunnisme, masculine
super, masculine
superflu, masculine
superordre, feminine
superoxyde, masculine
suppléant, masculine
supplément, masculine
suppositoire, masculine
surcroît, masculine
surdon, masculine
sureau, masculine
suremploi, masculine
surendettement, masculine
surgélateur, masculine
surhomme, masculine
suriname, masculine
surinamien, masculine
surinvestissement, masculine
surmoi, masculine
surmulot, masculine
surnom, masculine
surnombre, masculine
surpeuplement, masculine
surplis, masculine
surréalisme, masculine
sursalaire, masculine
sursaut, masculine
sursis, masculine
surveillant, masculine
suzerain, masculine
swahili, masculine
swaziland, masculine
sweat, masculine
syllogisme, masculine
sylphe, masculine
sylvain, masculine
sylvestre, masculine
symbolisme, masculine
symlink, masculine
synchrocyclotron, masculine
syncrétisme, masculine
syndicalisme, masculine
syndrome, masculine
syntagme, masculine
synthétiseur, masculine
syracusain, masculine
syrien, masculine
tabac, masculine
tabagisme, masculine
tablier, masculine
tabou, masculine
taboulé, masculine
tabouret, masculine
tâcheron, masculine
tachymètre, masculine
tact, masculine
tadjik, masculine
tadjikistan, masculine
tænia, masculine
tage, masculine
taggeur, masculine
tahini, masculine
tahiti, masculine
tahitien, masculine
taillant, masculine
tailleur, masculine
taillis, masculine
taiwan, masculine
taïwan, masculine
talc, masculine
taled, masculine
talent, masculine
talet, masculine
taleth, masculine
talion, masculine
talisman, masculine
talit, masculine
talith, masculine
talleth, masculine
tallith, masculine
talon, masculine
talus, masculine
tamagotchi, masculine
tamis, masculine
tamoul, masculine
tampon, masculine
tanger, feminine
tanguy, masculine
tantale, masculine
tantième, masculine
tantinet, masculine
tanzanien, masculine
taoïsme, masculine
tapage, masculine
tapageur, masculine
tapeur, masculine
tapinois, masculine
tapioca, masculine
tapir, masculine
tapis, masculine
tarcisius, masculine
tarentin, masculine
tarif, masculine
tarsier, masculine
tartre, masculine
coquard, masculine
coquebin, masculine
coqueleux, masculine
coquemar, masculine
coquetisme, masculine
coquillier, masculine
coraciiforme, masculine
coracoïde, masculine
corailleur, masculine
coralliaire, masculine
doigtage, feminine
doléance, feminine
dolichocéphalie, feminine
doline, feminine
doloire, feminine
dolomie, feminine
domanialité, feminine
domesticité, feminine
domiciliataire, masculine
domiciliation, feminine
dominante, feminine
dominatrice, feminine
corannulène, masculine
corbillat, masculine
corbillot, masculine
cordage, masculine
cordaite, masculine
cordeau, masculine
cordelier, masculine
cordial, masculine
cordier, masculine
cordon, masculine
cordouan, masculine
coré, masculine
corédacteur, masculine
corégent, masculine
corégone, masculine
corentin, masculine
corgi, masculine
corinthiens, masculine
cork, masculine
corlieu, masculine
cormier, masculine
cornac, masculine
cornard, masculine
cornély, masculine
cornemuseur, masculine
cornemuseux, masculine
corner, masculine
cornette, masculine
corniaud, masculine
cornier, masculine
cornifle, masculine
cornillon, masculine
cornique, masculine
cornouiller, masculine
corolaire, masculine
corollaire, masculine
coron, masculine
coronélisme, masculine
domotique, feminine
donacie, feminine
donaldville, feminine
donaldvilloise, feminine
donataire, masculine
dondaine, feminine
données, feminine
donzelle, feminine
dope, feminine
dorade, feminine
doradille, feminine
dordognaise, feminine
dordogne, feminine
doreuse, feminine
dormance, feminine
dormeuse, feminine
dormition, feminine
dorsaf, feminine
dorsalgie, feminine
dorycnie, feminine
dosette, feminine
dossière, feminine
dot, feminine
dotation, feminine
douairière, feminine
douance, feminine
douanière, feminine
douarnenez, feminine
doubeurre, masculine
doubleuse, feminine
doucette, feminine
douchanbé, feminine
doudinka, feminine
doudoune, feminine
douelle, feminine
douglas, feminine
douillette, feminine
douilletterie, feminine
coronène, masculine
coroner, masculine
coronographe, masculine
corp, masculine
corporal, masculine
corpus, masculine
corpuscule, masculine
corral, masculine
correctif, masculine
corrélat, masculine
corrélogramme, masculine
correspondancier, masculine
corrézien, masculine
corrine, masculine
corroyage, masculine
corroyeur, masculine
corrugateur, masculine
corrupteur, masculine
cors, masculine
corselet, masculine
corsetier, masculine
cortex, masculine
corticoïde, masculine
corusse, masculine
corvidé, masculine
coryphée, masculine
coryza, masculine
coseigneur, masculine
cosmocrator, masculine
cosmocratôr, masculine
cosmodrome, masculine
doullens, feminine
douma, feminine
dourine, feminine
douteuse, feminine
douve, feminine
doxa, feminine
doxologie, feminine
doyenne, feminine
dracena, feminine
dracéna, feminine
drache, feminine
drachme, feminine
draculine, feminine
draft, masculine
dragée, feminine
dragéification, feminine
dragline, feminine
dragonnade, feminine
drague, feminine
dragueuse, feminine
draille, feminine
draine, feminine
draineuse, feminine
dramathérapie, feminine
dramatisation, feminine
draperie, feminine
drapière, feminine
dre, feminine
drêche, feminine
drenthe, feminine
dresseuse, feminine
dribbleuse, feminine
drigaille, feminine
dringueille, feminine
drisse, feminine
droitisation, feminine
drôlerie, feminine
drôlesse, feminine
drôme, feminine
dromomanie, feminine
dronne, feminine
droséra, feminine
drosophile, feminine
druidesse, feminine
drupe, feminine
druse, feminine
dryade, feminine
dst, feminine
dualine, feminine
zostère, feminine
cosmonucléide, masculine
cossin, masculine
costard, masculine
costaricain, masculine
costaricien, masculine
costaud, masculine
costumé, masculine
costumier, masculine
cosy, masculine
cot, masculine
côt, masculine
cotangente, masculine
cothurne, masculine
ducasse, feminine
ducoing, masculine
ducourtieux, masculine
ductilité, feminine
ducuing, masculine
duculot, masculine
duègne, feminine
dufaur, masculine
dufaux, masculine
duite, feminine
dujardin, masculine
dujour, masculine
dulcamarine, feminine
dulcification, feminine
dulcinée, feminine
dulcite, feminine
dulcose, feminine
dulie, feminine
dunette, feminine
dunkerquoise, feminine
dunyach, masculine
duodénite, feminine
duong, masculine
tartufe, masculine
tatarstan, masculine
tatou, masculine
tatoueur, masculine
tatras, masculine
tau, masculine
taux, masculine
taxi, masculine
taximètre, masculine
tchad, masculine
tchadique, masculine
tchador, masculine
tchaghataï, masculine
tchernobyl, masculine
tchouvache, masculine
technetium, masculine
technétium, masculine
technicien, masculine
teckel, masculine
teint, masculine
teknival, masculine
téléachat, masculine
téléchargement, masculine
télécopieur, masculine
téléfilm, masculine
télégraphe, masculine
télencéphale, masculine
téléphérique, masculine
téléphone, masculine
télescope, masculine
télésiège, masculine
téléski, masculine
téléspectateur, masculine
télétravail, masculine
téléversement, masculine
téléviseur, masculine
télex, masculine
tellure, masculine
témoin, masculine
tempérament, masculine
templier, masculine
tendon, masculine
tendre, masculine
ténia, masculine
tennis, masculine
ténor, masculine
tensiomètre, masculine
terbium, masculine
terminal, masculine
termite, feminine
terrain, masculine
terrier, masculine
terroir, masculine
terrorisme, masculine
tertre, masculine
testament, masculine
tétanos, masculine
têtard, masculine
tétraèdre, masculine
tétrahydrothiophène, masculine
tétrarque, masculine
tétrose, masculine
teuton, masculine
texas, masculine
textile, masculine
thaddée, masculine
thaï, masculine
thaïlandais, masculine
thallium, masculine
thé, masculine
théisme, masculine
thème, masculine
thémistocle, masculine
théo, masculine
théodolite, masculine
théodore, masculine
théologien, masculine
théonyme, masculine
théophile, masculine
théorème, masculine
théoricien, masculine
thérémine, masculine
thermidor, masculine
thermocouple, masculine
thermocycleur, masculine
thessalonicien, masculine
thiamine, feminine
thierry, masculine
thioacétamide, masculine
thioéther, masculine
thiophène, masculine
thorium, masculine
thromboxane, masculine
thulium, masculine
thylakoïde, masculine
thym, masculine
thymol, masculine
tibère, masculine
tibet, masculine
tibétain, masculine
tibia, masculine
tibre, masculine
ticket, masculine
tiercelet, masculine
tigre, masculine
tigrinya, masculine
timonier, masculine
timothé, masculine
timothée, masculine
tintamarre, masculine
tiot, masculine
tir, masculine
tiret, masculine
tireur, masculine
tisserand, masculine
tisseur, masculine
titane, masculine
tite, masculine
tivoli, masculine
tobie, masculine
tocophérol, masculine
tofou, masculine
tofu, masculine
togo, masculine
toit, masculine
tom, masculine
tombeau, masculine
tome, feminine
tonnage, masculine
dupe, feminine
duperie, feminine
dupeuse, feminine
duplicateuse, feminine
duplicatrice, feminine
duplicature, feminine
duplicité, feminine
durabilité, feminine
duracine, feminine
durit, feminine
durite, feminine
durophagie, feminine
duteil, masculine
duval, masculine
dynamisation, feminine
dynamiteuse, feminine
dynamographe, feminine
dynamométrie, feminine
dyne, feminine
dysarthrie, feminine
dyscalculie, feminine
dyschondroplasie, feminine
dyschromatopsie, feminine
dyschromie, feminine
dyscrasie, feminine
dysectasie, feminine
dysembryome, feminine
dysembryoplasie, feminine
dysérection, feminine
dysérythropoïèse, feminine
dysfibrinogénémie, feminine
dyshidrose, feminine
dysidrose, feminine
dyslalie, feminine
dyslatéralité, feminine
dysménorrhée, feminine
dysorthographie, feminine
dyspepsie, feminine
dysphagie, feminine
dysphasie, feminine
dysphonie, feminine
dysplasie, feminine
dyspraxie, feminine
dystasie, feminine
dystocie, feminine
dystomie, feminine
dystonie, feminine
dystrophine, feminine
dystrophisation, feminine
dzovag, masculine
ébénisterie, feminine
ébonite, feminine
éboueuse, feminine
ébrillade, feminine
ébriosité, feminine
ébulliométrie, feminine
ébullioscopie, feminine
éburnation, feminine
écale, feminine
écarlate, feminine
échancrure, feminine
échansonne, feminine
échappabilité, feminine
échappatoire, feminine
échauffourée, feminine
échauguette, feminine
échevine, feminine
échinococcose, feminine
échinofaune, feminine
échinomyie, feminine
échoppe, feminine
échotière, feminine
échotomographie, feminine
écidie, feminine
éclaboussure, feminine
éclade, feminine
éclaire, feminine
éclisse, feminine
éclosion, feminine
écochimie, feminine
écocité, feminine
écoépidémiologie, feminine
écœurante, feminine
écologisation, feminine
économétricienne, feminine
cotisant, masculine
cotonnier, masculine
cotre, masculine
cotret, masculine
cotylédon, masculine
coua, masculine
couac, masculine
couard, masculine
couchage, masculine
coucher, masculine
coucheur, masculine
coudoiement, masculine
coudrier, masculine
couffin, masculine
çoufisme, masculine
couguar, masculine
coulage, masculine
coulant, masculine
coulement, masculine
coulis, masculine
coulisseau, masculine
coulomb, masculine
coulommiers, masculine
coumaphène, masculine
counoise, masculine
country, masculine
coupage, masculine
couperet, masculine
couplage, masculine
couplement, masculine
couplet, masculine
coupletier, masculine
coupleur, masculine
courailleux, masculine
courette, masculine
courgelier, masculine
courgellier, masculine
courgeron, masculine
courlis, masculine
courtil, masculine
couserannais, masculine
couserans, masculine
coussiège, masculine
tonneau, masculine
tonton, masculine
toponyme, masculine
torchon, masculine
toronto, masculine
torpilleur, masculine
torrent, masculine
torse, masculine
torticolis, masculine
tortillage, masculine
toscan, masculine
totalitarisme, masculine
totem, masculine
totémisme, masculine
touareg, masculine
toucan, masculine
toulon, masculine
toulousain, masculine
tourment, masculine
tournant, masculine
tournesol, masculine
tourneur, masculine
tourniquet, masculine
tournoi, masculine
tournoiement, masculine
toussotement, masculine
tout, masculine
tracas, masculine
tracé, masculine
traceur, masculine
trachome, masculine
trackpoint, masculine
tract, masculine
tracteur, masculine
traditionalisme, masculine
trafiquant, masculine
tragique, masculine
train, masculine
traîneau, masculine
trait, masculine
traité, masculine
traitement, masculine
traître, masculine
trajet, masculine
tramway, masculine
tranchant, masculine
transbordement, masculine
transcendantaux, masculine
transcriptome, masculine
transept, masculine
transfèrement, masculine
transfert, masculine
transformateur, masculine
transformisme, masculine
transgénérisme, masculine
transistor, masculine
transit, masculine
transmetteur, masculine
transparent, masculine
transport, masculine
transporteur, masculine
transsudat, masculine
trapèze, masculine
trappeur, masculine
travailleur, masculine
traversin, masculine
travesti, masculine
trébuchet, masculine
trèfle, masculine
tréfonds, masculine
treizième, masculine
tréma, masculine
tremble, masculine
tremblement, masculine
treuil, masculine
triage, masculine
triathlon, masculine
tribadisme, masculine
tribord, masculine
tribunal, masculine
tricératops, masculine
tricot, masculine
tricycle, masculine
triestin, masculine
trifluvien, masculine
triglycéride, masculine
triglyphe, masculine
trilithe, masculine
trimestre, masculine
triolet, masculine
triomphateur, masculine
triomphe, masculine
triplement, masculine
tripoli, masculine
tristan, masculine
triticale, masculine
triton, masculine
triumvirat, masculine
troc, masculine
trognon, masculine
trompeur, masculine
tronc, masculine
tronçon, masculine
trop, masculine
trophée, masculine
trou, masculine
troubadour, masculine
trouble, masculine
trousseau, masculine
trublion, masculine
truc, masculine
truisme, masculine
trumeau, masculine
tryptophane, masculine
tsar, masculine
tube, masculine
tueur, masculine
tugrik, masculine
tumeur, feminine
tumulte, masculine
tumulus, masculine
tungstate, masculine
tungstène, masculine
tunis, masculine
tunisien, masculine
tupperware, masculine
turban, masculine
turbocompresseur, masculine
turc, masculine
turin, masculine
turinois, masculine
turkestan, masculine
turkménistan, masculine
tuteur, masculine
tutoiement, masculine
tylenol, feminine
écope, feminine
écoperche, feminine
écophysiologie, feminine
écore, feminine
écorégion, feminine
écosophie, feminine
ecossaise, feminine
tympan, masculine
type, masculine
typhon, masculine
typhus, masculine
tyran, masculine
tyrol, masculine
tyrolien, masculine
ecosse, feminine
écosseuse, feminine
écotechnologie, feminine
écotoxicité, feminine
écotoxicologie, feminine
écouteuse, feminine
écoutille, feminine
écoville, feminine
écozone, feminine
écraseuse, feminine
écritoire, feminine
écriveuse, feminine
écrouelles, feminine
ectasie, feminine
ectogenèse, feminine
éctoïne, feminine
ectomie, feminine
ectosymbiose, feminine
ectype, feminine
ecu, feminine
écuyère, feminine
eczémateuse, feminine
edgelord, masculine
édilité, feminine
édimbourgeoise, feminine
éditique, feminine
éditrice, feminine
edm, feminine
éducatrice, feminine
éducologie, feminine
édulcoration, feminine
effémination, feminine
efférence, feminine
effervescence, feminine
efficience, feminine
efflorescence, feminine
effluence, feminine
égalisation, feminine
egée, masculine
égée, masculine
égérie, feminine
égilope, feminine
églantine, feminine
églogue, feminine
égoïne, feminine
égoïté, feminine
égorgeuse, feminine
égouteuse, feminine
égoutière, feminine
égreneuse, feminine
egypte, feminine
egyptienne, feminine
éjac, feminine
éjection, feminine
élagueuse, feminine
élaïdine, feminine
élaine, feminine
élasticimétrie, feminine
élasticine, feminine
élastine, feminine
élatérine, feminine
électre, masculine
électricienne, feminine
électrification, feminine
électrisation, feminine
electro, masculine
électro, masculine
électroacoustique, feminine
électroanalyse, feminine
électrobiologie, feminine
électrocapillarité, feminine
électrocautère, feminine
électrochirurgie, feminine
électrocoagulation, feminine
électrodéposition, feminine
électrodialyse, feminine
électrodynamique, feminine
électrologie, feminine
électroluminescence, feminine
électrolysation, feminine
électromécanicienne, feminine
électromécanique, feminine
électrométallurgie, feminine
électromigration, feminine
électronarcose, feminine
électronégativité, feminine
électroneutralité, feminine
électronica, feminine
électronicienne, feminine
électronographie, feminine
électrophorèse, feminine
électrophysiologie, feminine
électroponcture, feminine
électropositivité, feminine
électropuncture, feminine
électroradiologie, feminine
électrorhéologie, feminine
électrosensibilité, feminine
électrosmose, feminine
électrostriction, feminine
électrosynthèse, feminine
électrotechnicienne, feminine
cousteau, masculine
coutelas, masculine
coutil, masculine
coutumier, masculine
couvoir, masculine
couvrepied, masculine
couvreur, masculine
couyon, masculine
cov, masculine
cover, masculine
covoiturage, masculine
cowboy, masculine
coyau, masculine
cpa, masculine
cpe, masculine
cpf, masculine
crabier, masculine
crachement, masculine
cracheur, masculine
crachotement, masculine
crackage, masculine
cramchaban, masculine
cramique, masculine
cramoisissement, masculine
crampagna, masculine
crampon, masculine
crampons, masculine
cran, masculine
cranchiidé, masculine
crâneur, masculine
cranson, masculine
crapeau, masculine
craquage, masculine
craquelin, masculine
craqueur, masculine
crassier, masculine
crawl, masculine
crayonneur, masculine
crécy, masculine
crédo, masculine
crémage, masculine
crémant, masculine
crémier, masculine
créneau, masculine
crénelage, masculine
créosol, masculine
crépi, masculine
crêpier, masculine
crépis, masculine
crépissage, masculine
crépitement, masculine
crépon, masculine
créquier, masculine
crescendo, masculine
crésol, masculine
cresson, masculine
crésus, masculine
crésyl, masculine
crésyle, masculine
crésylol, masculine
crêt, masculine
créteil, masculine
crétinisme, masculine
creton, masculine
creusement, masculine
creuseur, masculine
creusois, masculine
crevard, masculine
crevettier, masculine
criblage, masculine
cribleur, masculine
cricetide, masculine
cricoïde, masculine
crieur, masculine
criminel, masculine
crin, masculine
crincrin, masculine
tzatziki, masculine
udon, masculine
uhlan, masculine
ukrainien, masculine
ulcère, masculine
ulster, masculine
ultimatum, masculine
ultrason, masculine
ultraviolet, masculine
unicorne, masculine
uniforme, masculine
unisson, masculine
unitarisme, masculine
univers, masculine
upcycling, masculine
uracile, masculine
uranium, masculine
uranus, masculine
urbanisme, masculine
ure, masculine
uretère, masculine
urinoir, masculine
uruguay, masculine
uruguayen, masculine
us, masculine
usage, masculine
usager, masculine
ustensile, masculine
usufruit, masculine
usurier, masculine
usurpateur, masculine
utérus, masculine
utilisateur, masculine
utilitarisme, masculine
utopisme, masculine
vacancier, masculine
vacarme, masculine
vacher, masculine
vagabond, masculine
vaisseau, masculine
valencien, masculine
valentin, masculine
valéry, masculine
valet, masculine
vampire, masculine
vanadium, masculine
vantard, masculine
varan, masculine
varsovien, masculine
vasodilatateur, masculine
vatican, masculine
vaticaniste, masculine
vaurien, masculine
védisme, masculine
védutisme, masculine
védutiste, masculine
véganisme, masculine
végétalien, masculine
végétalisme, masculine
végétarien, masculine
végétarisme, masculine
veilleur, masculine
vélocar, masculine
vélocipède, masculine
vélodrome, masculine
velours, masculine
velouté, masculine
venceslas, masculine
vendémiaire, masculine
vendeur, masculine
vendredi, masculine
venezuela, masculine
vengeur, masculine
venin, masculine
vénitien, masculine
ventilateur, masculine
ventôse, masculine
ventricule, masculine
ver, masculine
verger, masculine
verglas, masculine
verlan, masculine
vermifuge, masculine
vermivore, masculine
vermouth, masculine
vernier, masculine
vernis, masculine
vernissage, masculine
vers, masculine
versant, masculine
verseau, masculine
versement, masculine
verset, masculine
verso, masculine
vertébré, masculine
vertige, masculine
vestige, masculine
veston, masculine
vésuve, masculine
vêtement, masculine
vétéran, masculine
vététiste, masculine
veuf, masculine
veuvage, masculine
viaduc, masculine
viager, masculine
viatique, masculine
vibromasseur, masculine
vicaire, masculine
vice, masculine
vicomte, masculine
victor, masculine
vidage, masculine
vide, masculine
vieillard, masculine
viennois, masculine
vietnam, masculine
vietnamien, masculine
vigneron, masculine
vilebrequin, masculine
villageois, masculine
vinaigre, masculine
vincent, masculine
vioc, masculine
viol, masculine
violateur, masculine
violet, masculine
violeur, masculine
violoncelle, masculine
crinoïde, masculine
criosphinx, masculine
cris, masculine
crisse, masculine
crissement, masculine
cristallin, masculine
cristallisoir, masculine
cristallogène, masculine
critere, masculine
critérium, masculine
crithme, masculine
critères, masculine
électrothérapie, feminine
électrothermie, feminine
électrovalence, feminine
électrovalve, feminine
électrovanne, feminine
élémicine, feminine
élémine, feminine
éléphantelle, feminine
éléphantesse, feminine
élestricité, feminine
éleusine, feminine
élévation, feminine
éleveuse, feminine
elfette, feminine
eliboubann, feminine
élicitation, feminine
éligibilité, feminine
élim, feminine
croc, masculine
crochetage, masculine
crocheteur, masculine
croco, masculine
crocodilien, masculine
croisé, masculine
croissandwich, masculine
croît, masculine
crolean, masculine
cromesquis, masculine
cronos, masculine
cronut, masculine
crooner, masculine
crooning, masculine
croque, masculine
croquembouche, masculine
croquemitaine, masculine
croquenbouche, masculine
crosne, masculine
cross, masculine
crossman, masculine
crossoptérygien, masculine
crossover, masculine
croteau, masculine
crottin, masculine
croulant, masculine
croulement, masculine
croupion, masculine
crouston, masculine
croûtage, masculine
crouton, masculine
éliminatoire, feminine
éliminatrice, feminine
élingue, feminine
elise, feminine
élision, feminine
élixation, feminine
ellébore, masculine
ellipticité, feminine
élocution, feminine
élongation, feminine
élution, feminine
élutriation, feminine
elvinoise, feminine
élyse, feminine
émaciation, feminine
émaillerie, feminine
émailleuse, feminine
émancipatrice, feminine
émasculation, feminine
emballeuse, feminine
embardée, feminine
embauche, feminine
embaucheuse, feminine
embellie, feminine
emberlificoteuse, feminine
emblavure, feminine
emboîture, feminine
embouteilleuse, feminine
embrasse, feminine
embrasseuse, feminine
embrasure, feminine
embrocation, feminine
embrouille, feminine
embryogenèse, feminine
embryogénie, feminine
embryographie, feminine
embryomorphose, feminine
embryopathie, feminine
embuche, feminine
embûche, feminine
émerine, feminine
émésène, masculine
émésénienne, feminine
émésienne, feminine
émesse, feminine
émétine, feminine
croûton, masculine
crowdfunding, masculine
crowdlending, masculine
crozet, masculine
cruchon, masculine
crucifère, masculine
cruiser, masculine
crumble, masculine
crustacyanine, masculine
crux, masculine
cruzeiro, masculine
cryogène, masculine
cryomètre, masculine
cryophore, masculine
cryptage, masculine
cryptogame, masculine
cryptogramme, masculine
cryptomorphisme, masculine
cryptonyme, masculine
cryptophyte, masculine
cryptoportique, masculine
cs, masculine
csars, masculine
csem, masculine
csss, masculine
cst, masculine
cstc, masculine
ctt, masculine
cu, masculine
cubèbe, masculine
cuberdons, masculine
cubi, masculine
cubicuboctaèdre, masculine
cubitus, masculine
cuboctaèdre, masculine
cubohémioctaèdre, masculine
cuboïde, masculine
cucu, masculine
cucul, masculine
çûdra, masculine
cueilleur, masculine
cuirassier, masculine
cuissage, masculine
cuissard, masculine
cuisseau, masculine
cuissot, masculine
cuistancier, masculine
cuistot, masculine
cuistre, masculine
emiko, feminine
émiratie, feminine
émirienne, feminine
émittance, feminine
emmanchure, feminine
emmerde, feminine
emmerdeuse, feminine
emmétropie, feminine
empailleuse, feminine
empaleuse, feminine
empêcheuse, feminine
empeigne, feminine
empennage, feminine
empenne, feminine
emphytéose, feminine
empileuse, feminine
employabilité, feminine
employeuse, feminine
empoignade, feminine
empoisonneuse, feminine
emportiérage, feminine
emprunteuse, feminine
empyreume, feminine
émulation, feminine
émulatrice, feminine
émulsine, feminine
émulsion, feminine
ena, feminine
énamine, feminine
énarchie, feminine
énarthrose, feminine
encablure, feminine
encaisseuse, feminine
encapsulation, feminine
encasteuse, feminine
encenseuse, feminine
encéphalisation, feminine
encéphalographie, feminine
enchaînure, feminine
enchérisseuse, feminine
cultéranisme, masculine
culturalisme, masculine
cumène, masculine
cuménol, masculine
cumul, masculine
cumulard, masculine
cumulateur, masculine
cumulus, masculine
cunéiforme, masculine
cunni, masculine
cunnilingus, masculine
cunwal, masculine
cupidon, masculine
cuproaluminium, masculine
curaçao, masculine
curaillon, masculine
curarisation, masculine
curateur, masculine
curatif, masculine
curculionidé, masculine
curetage, masculine
enclise, feminine
encoignure, feminine
encolleuse, feminine
encolure, feminine
encoprésie, feminine
enculeuse, feminine
encyclopédicité, feminine
endémie, feminine
endocardite, feminine
endodontie, feminine
endogamie, feminine
endolymphe, feminine
endolysine, feminine
endomembrane, feminine
endométrectomie, feminine
endométrite, feminine
endonucléase, feminine
viracocha, masculine
virage, masculine
virement, masculine
virevoltant, masculine
virgile, masculine
virus, masculine
visa, masculine
visage, masculine
viscère, masculine
viseur, masculine
vishnou, masculine
visiteur, masculine
vison, masculine
vit, masculine
vitrage, masculine
vitrail, masculine
vitrier, masculine
vitriol, masculine
vivien, masculine
vocabulaire, masculine
vocalisme, masculine
vocatif, masculine
voilier, masculine
voisin, masculine
voisinage, masculine
vol, masculine
volant, masculine
volcanisme, masculine
volet, masculine
volgograd, masculine
volleyeur, masculine
volt, masculine
volume, masculine
vomi, masculine
vomissement, masculine
vortex, masculine
votant, masculine
vote, masculine
vouvoiement, masculine
voyage, masculine
voyant, masculine
voyeur, masculine
voyeurisme, masculine
vrai, masculine
vulgarisme, masculine
wagonnet, masculine
wahhabisme, masculine
wapiti, masculine
wasabi, masculine
washington, masculine
watt, masculine
wattheure, masculine
wattmètre, masculine
webinaire, masculine
welsch, masculine
whisky, masculine
wigwam, masculine
wiktionnaire, masculine
wilfrid, masculine
wilfried, masculine
william, masculine
xavier, masculine
xénon, masculine
xénoœstrogène, masculine
xénotime, masculine
xérès, masculine
xylène, masculine
xylitol, masculine
xylophage, masculine
yacht, masculine
yachting, masculine
yahwisme, masculine
yann, masculine
yannick, masculine
yémen, masculine
yeux, masculine
yézidisme, masculine
yiddish, masculine
yoga, masculine
yoghourt, masculine
youyou, masculine
ytterbium, masculine
yttrium, masculine
yukon, masculine
yuzu, masculine
yves, masculine
zabulon, masculine
zacharie, masculine
zagreb, masculine
zaïre, masculine
zanzibar, masculine
zboob, masculine
zèbre, masculine
zébu, masculine
zek, masculine
zélandais, masculine
zélé, masculine
zélote, masculine
zénith, masculine
zéphyr, masculine
zervanisme, masculine
zigzag, masculine
zimbabwe, masculine
zinc, masculine
zingage, masculine
zinnia, masculine
zinzolin, masculine
zirconium, masculine
zizi, masculine
zofénopril, masculine
zona, masculine
zoolite, masculine
zoolithe, masculine
zoomorphisme, masculine
zoonyme, masculine
zoophyte, masculine
zooplancton, masculine
zoroastrien, masculine
zoroastrisme, masculine
zouave, masculine
zoulou, masculine
zygote, masculine
cureton, masculine
curettage, masculine
curieux, masculine
curiste, masculine
curleur, masculine
curling, masculine
curond, masculine
cursus, masculine
curvimètre, masculine
cutter, masculine
cuvage, masculine
cuvaison, masculine
cuveau, masculine
cuvier, masculine
cyane, masculine
cyanobactérie, masculine
cyanoborohydrure, masculine
cyanogène, masculine
cyanohydrure, masculine
cyberattaquant, masculine
cybercafé, masculine
cybercommandement, masculine
cyberconflit, masculine
cybercriminel, masculine
cyberespionnage, masculine
cyberharcèlement, masculine
cyberlundi, masculine
cybermonde, masculine
cybernéticien, masculine
cyberpunk, masculine
cyclane, masculine
cyclo, masculine
cycloalcane, masculine
cyclobutadiène, masculine
cyclobutène, masculine
cyclocrossman, masculine
cycloheptatriène, masculine
cyclohexadiène, masculine
cyclohexène, masculine
cyclomètre, masculine
cyclooctatétraène, masculine
cyclooctatriène, masculine
cyclope, masculine
cyclopentadiène, masculine
cyclopentadiènone, masculine
cyclopentadiényle, masculine
cyclopentène, masculine
cyclopropène, masculine
cyclostome, masculine
cyclotron, masculine
cylindroïde, masculine
cymbalier, masculine
cymbalion, masculine
cymbalum, masculine
cynocrambe, masculine
cynorhodon, masculine
cynorrhodon, masculine
cynthe, masculine
cyphonaute, masculine
cyprinidé, masculine
cyrénéens, masculine
cyriaque, masculine
cystoscope, masculine
cytinet, masculine
cytise, masculine
cytogénéticien, masculine
cytomètre, masculine
cytotrophoblaste, masculine
czar, masculine
czimbalum, masculine
dab, masculine
dacryocyste, masculine
dactyle, masculine
dactylogramme, masculine
daech, masculine
daguerréotype, masculine
daguet, masculine
dahir, masculine
dahlia, masculine
dahoméen, masculine
dahu, masculine
dahut, masculine
daïmio, masculine
daimyo, masculine
daiquiri, masculine
dais, masculine
dakar, masculine
dakarois, masculine
dalécarlien, masculine
d'alembert, masculine
dalhousie, masculine
dallage, masculine
dalleux, masculine
dalo, masculine
dalot, masculine
endosseuse, feminine
endosymbiose, feminine
enduro, feminine
énervation, feminine
dam, masculine
damasquinage, masculine
damasquineur, masculine
damasseur, masculine
damedieu, masculine
damma, masculine
damoclès, masculine
damoiseau, masculine
dan, masculine
dandin, masculine
dandinement, masculine
dandy, masculine
dandysme, masculine
danegeld, masculine
danglars, masculine
danien, masculine
enfoirée, feminine
enfonceuse, feminine
enfreinte, feminine
engadine, feminine
engeance, feminine
engendreuse, feminine
engueulade, feminine
engueuleuse, feminine
enjambée, feminine
enjolivure, feminine
enképhaline, feminine
enlumineuse, feminine
enluminure, feminine
énolase, feminine
énolisation, feminine
énologie, feminine
énonciation, feminine
énophtalmie, feminine
énormité, feminine
énostose, feminine
enquêteuse, feminine
enquêtrice, feminine
enquiquineuse, feminine
enrobeuse, feminine
enrôlée, feminine
ensacheuse, feminine
enseignante, feminine
ensemblière, feminine
ensevelisseuse, feminine
ensileuse, feminine
ensouple, feminine
enstatite, feminine
entame, feminine
ente, feminine
entéléchie, feminine
entente, feminine
entéralgie, feminine
entérite, feminine
entérobactérie, feminine
entérocolite, feminine
entérocoque, feminine
entérokinase, feminine
entérologie, feminine
entéropneuste, feminine
enterreuse, feminine
enthalpie, feminine
enthèse, feminine
entomochorie, feminine
entomophilie, feminine
entomostracé, feminine
entourloupe, feminine
entourloupette, feminine
entournure, feminine
entr'aide, feminine
entraide, feminine
entraineuse, feminine
entraîneuse, feminine
entrefaite, feminine
entrejambe, feminine
entremetteuse, feminine
entrepreneuse, feminine
entrepreunariat, feminine
énucléabilité, feminine
énucléation, feminine
énumérabilité, feminine
envahisseuse, feminine
envenimation, feminine
envolée, feminine
envoûteuse, feminine
envoyeuse, feminine
enzootie, feminine
enzymopathie, feminine
éolienne, feminine
éolipile, feminine
éolithe, feminine
eor, feminine
éos, feminine
éosine, feminine
éosinophilie, feminine
épacte, feminine
épagneule, feminine
épanadiplose, feminine
épanalepse, feminine
épanastrophe, feminine
épandeuse, feminine
éparchie, feminine
épateuse, feminine
épaulette, feminine
épaviste, masculine
épellation, feminine
épenthèse, feminine
éphédrine, feminine
éphélide, feminine
éphéméride, masculine
éphésienne, feminine
éphyrule, feminine
épiaire, feminine
épibolie, feminine
épicatéchine, feminine
épicière, feminine
épiclèse, feminine
épicycloïde, feminine
épidermomycose, feminine
épidermose, feminine
épididymite, feminine
épigenèse, feminine
épigénomique, feminine
épilation, feminine
épimutation, feminine
danylo, masculine
darfour, masculine
darlu, masculine
daron, masculine
dartois, masculine
das, masculine
dasyproctidé, masculine
dasyure, masculine
datage, masculine
datagramme, masculine
dataire, masculine
épinette, feminine
épinglette, feminine
épinglière, feminine
épinoche, feminine
épiphanie, feminine
épiphrase, feminine
épiphyse, feminine
épiphytie, feminine
épire, feminine
épissure, feminine
épistasie, feminine
épistémè, feminine
datathon, masculine
datura, masculine
dauphinat, masculine
dauphiné, masculine
dauphinois, masculine
d'autray, masculine
davier, masculine
davy, masculine
dazibao, masculine
ddt, masculine
deal, masculine
dealer, masculine
dealeur, masculine
déambulateur, masculine
déballage, masculine
déballement, masculine
débandement, masculine
débardage, masculine
débardeur, masculine
débarras, masculine
débatteur, masculine
débauchage, masculine
débaucheur, masculine
débet, masculine
débillardement, masculine
débineur, masculine
débismuthage, masculine
débitage, masculine
débitmètre, masculine
déblai, masculine
déblaiement, masculine
débogage, masculine
débogueur, masculine
débouchage, masculine
débouchement, masculine
déboucheur, masculine
débouquement, masculine
épistilbite, feminine
épistole, feminine
épistolière, feminine
épistrophée, feminine
épistule, feminine
épitaphe, feminine
épitaxie, feminine
épithélioma, feminine
épithèque, feminine
épître, feminine
épitrochlée, feminine
éplucheuse, feminine
épluchure, feminine
épona, feminine
éponymie, feminine
épouilleuse, feminine
épousailles, feminine
épouvante, feminine
eps, feminine
epsomite, feminine
épuisette, feminine
épurge, feminine
equatorienne, feminine
équatorienne, feminine
équerre, feminine
équidifférence, feminine
équidistance, feminine
équilibration, feminine
équille, feminine
équipartition, feminine
équipée, feminine
équipière, feminine
équipollence, feminine
équipotence, feminine
équiprobabilité, feminine
équivalence, feminine
équivoque, feminine
éradication, feminine
ercolano, feminine
erdre, feminine
érectilité, feminine
débourbage, masculine
débourrage, masculine
débours, masculine
déboursement, masculine
débranchement, masculine
débrayage, masculine
débridement, masculine
débrouillard, masculine
débruitage, masculine
débrutissement, masculine
débucher, masculine
débullage, masculine
déca, masculine
décadent, masculine
décadi, masculine
décaèdre, masculine
décagramme, masculine
décaillage, masculine
décakatal, masculine
décalottage, masculine
décalque, masculine
décan, masculine
décanat, masculine
décane, masculine
décanteur, masculine
décaoxyde, masculine
décapage, masculine
décapant, masculine
décapeur, masculine
décapiteur, masculine
décapode, masculine
décastère, masculine
décawatt, masculine
décélérateur, masculine
décemvir, masculine
décène, masculine
décentrement, masculine
décervelage, masculine
déchainement, masculine
déchiquetage, masculine
déchiqueteur, masculine
déchirement, masculine
déchireur, masculine
déchoquage, masculine
érectrice, feminine
érémacausie, feminine
érepsine, feminine
ergodicité, feminine
ergosphère, feminine
ergotamine, feminine
ergoteuse, feminine
ergothérapie, feminine
ergotine, feminine
érica, feminine
érika, feminine
erlenmeyer, feminine
ermengarde, feminine
érotisation, feminine
érotologie, feminine
érotopathie, feminine
errance, feminine
érubescence, feminine
erythrée, feminine
érythréenne, feminine
érythres, feminine
érythrine, feminine
érythrite, feminine
érythroblastose, feminine
érythromycine, feminine
érythrophobie, feminine
érythropoïèse, feminine
érythropsie, feminine
éryx, feminine
esbroufe, feminine
escabèche, feminine
escabelle, feminine
escadre, feminine
escadrille, feminine
escaich, masculine
escale, feminine
escamoteuse, feminine
escampette, feminine
escapade, feminine
escarbille, feminine
escarboucle, feminine
escarcelle, feminine
escargotière, feminine
escarmouche, feminine
escarole, feminine
escarpe, masculine
déchristianisateur, masculine
déci, masculine
décideur, masculine
décigrade, masculine
décigramme, masculine
décikatal, masculine
décile, masculine
décimateur, masculine
décistère, masculine
déclamateur, masculine
déclassé, masculine
déclassement, masculine
déclenchement, masculine
déclencheur, masculine
déclic, masculine
déclinateur, masculine
déclinatoire, masculine
décodage, masculine
décodeur, masculine
décoffrage, masculine
décollement, masculine
décolletage, masculine
décombres, masculine
décompilateur, masculine
décomposeur, masculine
décompresseur, masculine
décompte, masculine
déconfinement, masculine
décongestionnant, masculine
décontamineur, masculine
escarpolette, feminine
escarre, feminine
esche, feminine
escopette, feminine
escouade, feminine
escudo, feminine
esculetine, feminine
éséridine, feminine
ésérine, feminine
esgalité, feminine
esgourde, feminine
esmé, masculine
esmée, feminine
espade, feminine
espagnolette, feminine
esparcette, feminine
décorum, masculine
découplage, masculine
découplement, masculine
décours, masculine
découvert, masculine
décrassage, masculine
décréditement, masculine
décrochage, masculine
décrochement, masculine
décroissement, masculine
décrotteur, masculine
décrûment, masculine
décrusement, masculine
décryptement, masculine
espargue, feminine
espelette, feminine
espérandieu, masculine
esperluète, feminine
espingole, feminine
espionite, feminine
espionne, feminine
espionnite, feminine
esque, feminine
décuplet, masculine
décurion, masculine
décuvage, masculine
dédale, masculine
dédé, masculine
dédommagement, masculine
dédouanement, masculine
dédoublement, masculine
deet, masculine
défaiseur, masculine
défanage, masculine
défendeur, masculine
défens, masculine
déferlement, masculine
défibrillateur, masculine
défilement, masculine
définiteur, masculine
déflagrateur, masculine
déflecteur, masculine
déformateur, masculine
défoulement, masculine
défouloir, masculine
défrichage, masculine
défrichement, masculine
défricheur, masculine
défroncement, masculine
dégagement, masculine
dégausseur, masculine
dégazage, masculine
dégivrage, masculine
dégivreur, masculine
déglaçage, masculine
dégonflement, masculine
dégor, masculine
dégorgement, masculine
dégout, masculine
dégradé, masculine
dégraissage, masculine
dégréement, masculine
dégrèvement, masculine
dégrossage, masculine
dégrossissage, masculine
dégroupage, masculine
dégueulis, masculine
dégun, masculine
dégustateur, masculine
esquive, feminine
essayeuse, feminine
essencerie, feminine
essonne, feminine
essoreuse, feminine
essuyeuse, feminine
estacade, feminine
estafette, feminine
estafilade, feminine
estampe, feminine
estampie, feminine
estancia, feminine
estée, feminine
estérase, feminine
estérification, feminine
esthéticienne, feminine
esti, feminine
estivante, feminine
estivation, feminine
estocade, feminine
estompe, feminine
estouffade, feminine
estrade, feminine
estrapade, feminine
estrie, feminine
ésule, feminine
étalingure, feminine
étameuse, feminine
étasunienne, feminine
étatisation, feminine
étatsunienne, feminine
éthanolamine, feminine
éthanoylation, feminine
éthérification, feminine
éthérisation, feminine
éthéromanie, feminine
ethiopie, feminine
déhanché, masculine
déhanchement, masculine
déharnachement, masculine
déicide, masculine
deinokratès, masculine
déjeûner, masculine
déjeuneur, masculine
dekkan, masculine
délabrement, masculine
delacroix, masculine
délaissement, masculine
délardement, masculine
délassement, masculine
délateur, masculine
délatif, masculine
délavage, masculine
délayage, masculine
delco, masculine
déléage, masculine
délégateur, masculine
délestage, masculine
délierrage, masculine
délimiteur, masculine
délire, masculine
délitage, masculine
délitement, masculine
délogement, masculine
delphinarium, masculine
delphinium, masculine
deltaèdre, masculine
deltaplane, masculine
deltoïde, masculine
démantèlement, masculine
démaquillage, masculine
démaquillant, masculine
démarcage, masculine
démarketing, masculine
démarquage, masculine
ethiopienne, feminine
ethnoastronomie, feminine
ethnoclassification, feminine
ethnoentomologie, feminine
ethnomathématique, feminine
ethnoornithologie, feminine
ethnopolitique, feminine
ethnopsychiatrie, feminine
ethnozoologie, feminine
éthographie, feminine
éthopée, feminine
éthylamine, feminine
éthylènediamine, feminine
éthylvanilline, feminine
étiqueteuse, feminine
étireuse, feminine
étisie, feminine
étole, feminine
étouffée, feminine
étoupe, feminine
étourderie, feminine
étrangleuse, feminine
étrave, feminine
étreinte, feminine
étrenne, feminine
étrille, feminine
étrivière, feminine
démâtage, masculine
démâtement, masculine
dème, masculine
démêlé, masculine
démembrement, masculine
déménageur, masculine
dément, masculine
démentiel, masculine
démétrios, masculine
démétrius, masculine
demeurant, masculine
étuve, feminine
étuvée, feminine
eubactérie, feminine
eubée, feminine
eubœe, feminine
eucalyne, feminine
eucharistie, feminine
eudémoniste, masculine
eufraise, feminine
eugénésie, feminine
eugénine, feminine
eumélanine, feminine
eupatoire, feminine
euphraise, feminine
euphrasie, feminine
eurafrasie, feminine
eurasienne, feminine
eure, feminine
eurhodine, feminine
eurodéputée, feminine
eurodevise, feminine
europhilie, feminine
europhobie, feminine
eurovision, feminine
eurythmie, feminine
eusocialité, feminine
eutexie, feminine
eutrophie, feminine
evaëlle, feminine
évagination, feminine
évanescence, feminine
évangélisation, feminine
évangélisatrice, feminine
eve, feminine
évection, feminine
eveline, feminine
éveline, feminine
éventration, feminine
éventualité, feminine
évidence, feminine
évolutivité, feminine
évulgation, feminine
évulsion, feminine
exacerbation, feminine
exactrice, feminine
exagératrice, feminine
examinatrice, feminine
exarchopoulos, masculine
excavatrice, feminine
excentration, feminine
excision, feminine
excitabilité, feminine
exclamation, feminine
exclu, masculine
excogitation, feminine
excrétion, feminine
excroissance, feminine
excusabilité, feminine
excuse, feminine
exécration, feminine
exécutante, feminine
exécutrice, feminine
exemplarité, feminine
exemplification, feminine
exhalation, feminine
exhaure, feminine
exhaustivité, feminine
exhérédation, feminine
exhibition, feminine
exigibilité, feminine
exiguïté, feminine
exilée, feminine
existentiation, feminine
exogéologie, feminine
exogéomorphologie, feminine
exonération, feminine
exonucléase, feminine
exophtalmie, feminine
exoplanétologie, feminine
exorcisation, feminine
exoscopie, feminine
exosmose, feminine
exostose, feminine
expansibilité, feminine
expansivité, feminine
expatriation, feminine
expectoration, feminine
expéditrice, feminine
experte, feminine
explicitation, feminine
exploitabilité, feminine
exploiteuse, feminine
explosivité, feminine
expographie, feminine
exponentiation, feminine
exponentielle, feminine
export, masculine
exportatrice, feminine
expressivité, feminine
expromission, feminine
expropriatrice, feminine
expurgation, feminine
exstrophie, feminine
exsudation, feminine
extensibilité, feminine
exténuation, feminine
extériorisation, feminine
externalisation, feminine
externalité, feminine
extéroceptivité, feminine
exterritorialité, feminine
extirpation, feminine
extorqueuse, feminine
démineur, masculine
démiurge, masculine
démo, masculine
démobilisateur, masculine
démocratiseur, masculine
démocrite, masculine
démodulateur, masculine
démogéronte, masculine
démolisseur, masculine
démonisme, masculine
démonstrateur, masculine
démontage, masculine
démonyme, masculine
démosthène, masculine
démystificateur, masculine
dénaturant, masculine
dendrimère, masculine
dendrographe, masculine
déneigement, masculine
denholm, masculine
déni, masculine
dénicheur, masculine
dénigrement, masculine
denis, masculine
dénivelé, masculine
dénominal, masculine
dénominateur, masculine
dénoûment, masculine
dénoyage, masculine
dentelaire, masculine
dentellier, masculine
dénuement, masculine
dénûment, masculine
déo, masculine
dep, masculine
dép, masculine
dépannage, masculine
dépanneur, masculine
dépeçage, masculine
dépeceur, masculine
dépendant, masculine
dépendeur, masculine
dépens, masculine
dépensier, masculine
dépérissement, masculine
déphasage, masculine
déploiement, masculine
déportement, masculine
déposant, masculine
dépouillement, masculine
dépouilleur, masculine
dépourvu, masculine
dépoussiérage, masculine
dépoussiéreur, masculine
dépréciateur, masculine
déprédateur, masculine
dépresseur, masculine
dépt, masculine
dépucellement, masculine
dépuratif, masculine
déracinement, masculine
déraillement, masculine
dérangement, masculine
dératé, masculine
dératiseur, masculine
derby, masculine
dérèglement, masculine
dérivatif, masculine
dériveur, masculine
dérivomètre, masculine
dermaptère, masculine
derme, masculine
dermoptère, masculine
derny, masculine
dérouillage, masculine
dérouleur, masculine
derrick, masculine
derviche, masculine
désagrégeant, masculine
désamorçage, masculine
désassembleur, masculine
désaveu, masculine
descendeur, masculine
descripteur, masculine
désembarquement, masculine
désembouage, masculine
désenchantement, masculine
désenclavement, masculine
désencombrement, masculine
désendettement, masculine
désengagement, masculine
désengorgement, masculine
désenivrement, masculine
désensorcellement, masculine
déséquilibre, masculine
déséquilibré, masculine
désherbage, masculine
déshumidificateur, masculine
déshydrocholestérol, masculine
desiderata, masculine
design, masculine
designer, masculine
désilage, masculine
désinfectant, masculine
désinfecteur, masculine
désinstalleur, masculine
désintérêt, masculine
désistement, masculine
desman, masculine
désoxyribofuranose, masculine
désoxyribonucléotide, masculine
désoxyribose, masculine
desperado, masculine
dessaisissement, masculine
dessalement, masculine
dessèchement, masculine
desservant, masculine
dessuintage, masculine
dest, masculine
destor, masculine
destrier, masculine
destroyer, masculine
détaché, masculine
détartrage, masculine
détartrant, masculine
détendeur, masculine
détenu, masculine
détersif, masculine
détracteur, masculine
détricotage, masculine
détritivore, masculine
détritus, masculine
détrompeur, masculine
détrônement, masculine
détrousseur, masculine
deucalion, masculine
deug, masculine
deuspi, masculine
deutérium, masculine
deutéron, masculine
deutéronome, masculine
deutérure, masculine
deuton, masculine
deutoxide, masculine
deutoxyde, masculine
deutschemark, masculine
déva, masculine
devancier, masculine
dévastateur, masculine
développeur, masculine
déverbal, masculine
déverbatif, masculine
déverminage, masculine
déverrouillage, masculine
déversement, masculine
déversoir, masculine
déviateur, masculine
déviationnisme, masculine
dévidage, masculine
dévidoir, masculine
dévissage, masculine
dévoiement, masculine
devoirs, masculine
devon, masculine
dévoreur, masculine
dévouement, masculine
dévoûment, masculine
dévoyé, masculine
dextrane, masculine
dextrochere, masculine
dextrochère, masculine
dextrométhorphane, masculine
dextrose, masculine
dey, masculine
dhamma, masculine
diableteau, masculine
diabolisme, masculine
diabolo, masculine
diacétate, masculine
diacétyle, masculine
diacétylène, masculine
diachylon, masculine
diachylum, masculine
diacide, masculine
diaconat, masculine
diacrao, masculine
diacylglycérol, masculine
extranéité, feminine
extraterritorialité, feminine
extravagance, feminine
extravasation, feminine
extravasion, feminine
extraversion, feminine
extrudeuse, feminine
extrusion, feminine
exubérance, feminine
exulcération, feminine
exultation, feminine
eychenne, masculine
fa, masculine
faaa, feminine
fab, feminine
fabacée, feminine
diadoche, masculine
diadoque, masculine
diagomètre, masculine
diagraphe, masculine
diaire, masculine
dialcool, masculine
dialdéhyde, masculine
diallèle, masculine
dialysat, masculine
dialyseur, masculine
diamagnétisme, masculine
diamidophénol, masculine
diaminobenzène, masculine
diaminoéthane, masculine
diaphanomètre, masculine
diapir, masculine
diaporama, masculine
diascope, masculine
diasporamètre, masculine
diastème, masculine
fabricatrice, feminine
fabulation, feminine
fabulette, feminine
faby, masculine
facette, feminine
fâcherie, feminine
fachosphère, feminine
faconde, feminine
factorerie, feminine
factorialité, feminine
factrice, feminine
facturette, feminine
facturière, feminine
fade, masculine
fadette, feminine
fadeur, feminine
faena, feminine
fagacée, feminine
fagne, feminine
fagoue, feminine
faïencière, feminine
failler, masculine
faillibilité, feminine
faine, feminine
faîne, feminine
fainéante, feminine
fainéantise, feminine
faisane, feminine
faiseuse, feminine
faisselle, feminine
faitière, feminine
faîtière, feminine
falaque, feminine
falarique, feminine
falcade, feminine
falcata, feminine
falklandaise, feminine
falourde, feminine
falsifiabilité, feminine
faluche, feminine
falunière, feminine
familiarisation, feminine
fane, feminine
faneuse, feminine
fanfare, feminine
fanfaronnade, feminine
fanfiction, feminine
fange, feminine
fangothérapie, feminine
fantasia, feminine
fantasie, feminine
fantasy, feminine
fao, feminine
faq, feminine
faradisation, feminine
farandole, feminine
farceuse, feminine
farde, feminine
faribole, feminine
farigoule, feminine
farinière, feminine
fasce, feminine
fasciation, feminine
fascisation, feminine
fascistisation, feminine
fassanaro, masculine
fatha, masculine
fatigabilité, feminine
fatimata, feminine
fatuité, feminine
fauche, feminine
fauconnerie, feminine
fauconnière, feminine
faufilure, feminine
faunesse, feminine
fautrice, feminine
fauverie, feminine
diastéréoisomère, masculine
diastéréomère, masculine
diaton, masculine
diatonisme, masculine
diazène, masculine
diazépam, masculine
diazote, masculine
diborure, masculine
dibrome, masculine
dibromure, masculine
dicastère, masculine
dicétone, masculine
dichlore, masculine
dichlorobenzène, masculine
dichlorométhane, masculine
dichlorure, masculine
dichroïsme, masculine
dicible, masculine
dictame, masculine
dictyoptère, masculine
dicyanure, masculine
didacticiel, masculine
didacticien, masculine
didrachme, masculine
didyme, masculine
dièdre, masculine
diego, masculine
diencéphale, masculine
diène, masculine
diéne, masculine
dieppe, masculine
dieppois, masculine
diesel, masculine
diésel, masculine
diététicien, masculine
diéthion, masculine
diéthoxy, masculine
diéthyldithiocarbamate, masculine
diéthyle, masculine
diéthyléther, masculine
diéthylphtalate, masculine
dif, masculine
diffamateur, masculine
diffaut, masculine
difféomorphisme, masculine
différentiel, masculine
diffuseur, masculine
diffusionnisme, masculine
difluor, masculine
difluorure, masculine
digamma, masculine
digba, masculine
digest, masculine
digeste, masculine
digesteur, masculine
digit, masculine
digitigrade, masculine
diglycéride, masculine
digon, masculine
digone, masculine
diholoside, masculine
dihydrobenzène, masculine
dihydroergocalciférol, masculine
dihydrogène, masculine
dihydroxyde, masculine
dihydrure, masculine
diiode, masculine
diiodométhane, masculine
diiodure, masculine
dijon, masculine
favéole, feminine
faverole, feminine
fayalite, feminine
faye, masculine
fayence, feminine
fayencière, feminine
fazenda, feminine
fc, feminine
fe, feminine
featurette, feminine
fébricule, feminine
fébrilité, feminine
fèces, feminine
fécondabilité, feminine
fécondatrice, feminine
fécondité, feminine
fécule, feminine
féculence, feminine
féculerie, feminine
dijonnais, masculine
dikkenek, masculine
dilapidateur, masculine
dilatomètre, masculine
dilettantisme, masculine
dilueur, masculine
diluvion, masculine
diluvium, masculine
dimanganèse, masculine
dimensionnement, masculine
dimère, masculine
diméthyl, masculine
diméthylbutane, masculine
diméthylcétone, masculine
diméthyle, masculine
diméthyléther, masculine
diméthylformamide, masculine
diméthylmercure, masculine
diméthylpropane, masculine
diméthylsilanediol, masculine
diméthylsulfure, masculine
diminuendo, masculine
diminuteur, masculine
dimorphe, masculine
dîn, masculine
dinar, masculine
dinarque, masculine
dindonneau, masculine
dineur, masculine
dîneur, masculine
dinghy, masculine
dinitrobenzène, masculine
dinitronitramide, masculine
dinitrophénol, masculine
dino, masculine
dinocrate, masculine
dinothérium, masculine
dinucléotide, masculine
dioclétien, masculine
diodore, masculine
diogène, masculine
diol, masculine
diophante, masculine
diopside, masculine
dioptre, masculine
diorama, masculine
dioscures, masculine
dioside, masculine
diot, masculine
fédéralisation, feminine
fédératrice, feminine
fédité, feminine
féerie, feminine
feeso, feminine
feignasse, feminine
feijoada, feminine
feinte, feminine
feintise, feminine
félinerie, feminine
félinité, feminine
fellatrice, feminine
félonie, feminine
felouque, feminine
fem, feminine
féminazie, feminine
féminilité, feminine
féminisation, feminine
féminitude, feminine
féminologie, feminine
fenaison, feminine
fenasse, feminine
fendeuse, feminine
fenestration, feminine
fenestre, feminine
fenêtrage, feminine
fennoscandie, feminine
féralies, feminine
ferbérite, feminine
diotis, masculine
dioxétane, masculine
dioxygène, masculine
dioxygényle, masculine
dipe, masculine
diphénol, masculine
diphénylamine, masculine
diphényle, masculine
diphile, masculine
diphosgène, masculine
diphyodonte, masculine
dipinto, masculine
diplocoque, masculine
diploé, masculine
diploèdre, masculine
diplomatiste, masculine
diplômé, masculine
diplotaxis, masculine
diploure, masculine
dipneuste, masculine
dipôle, masculine
diptère, masculine
diptyque, masculine
dipyramide, masculine
direct, masculine
ferblanterie, feminine
ferblantière, feminine
fermentescibilité, feminine
fermette, feminine
fermière, feminine
féroïenne, feminine
ferrailleuse, feminine
ferrandine, feminine
ferrédoxine, feminine
ferrière, feminine
ferroélasticité, feminine
ferroélectricité, feminine
ferronnerie, feminine
ferronnière, feminine
ferrotoroïdicité, feminine
ferrotypie, feminine
ferrure, feminine
férule, feminine
fès, feminine
festoyeuse, feminine
fétuine, feminine
fétuque, feminine
feuillaison, feminine
feuilleteuse, feminine
feuilletine, feminine
feuillette, feminine
feuillure, feminine
feutrine, feminine
fèverole, feminine
fff, feminine
fia, feminine
fiabilisation, feminine
fiançaille, feminine
fiance, feminine
fiba, feminine
fibranne, feminine
fibrille, feminine
fibrine, feminine
fibrinolyse, feminine
fibroïne, feminine
fibromatose, feminine
fibromyalgie, feminine
fibroprotéine, feminine
fibroscopie, feminine
fibule, feminine
directorat, masculine
dirham, masculine
dirhem, masculine
dirhombicosidodécaèdre, masculine
dirhombidodécaèdre, masculine
dirigisme, masculine
disaccharide, masculine
discobole, masculine
discompte, masculine
discomycète, masculine
discount, masculine
discoureur, masculine
discrédit, masculine
discriminant, masculine
discriminateur, masculine
discutant, masculine
discuteur, masculine
disetteux, masculine
diseur, masculine
disneur, masculine
disoufre, masculine
dispacheur, masculine
disparu, masculine
dispensaire, masculine
dispensateur, masculine
dispersement, masculine
dispersoïde, masculine
disputeur, masculine
disquaire, masculine
dissecteur, masculine
dissensus, masculine
dissentiment, masculine
dissigne, masculine
dissimulateur, masculine
dissipateur, masculine
dissolvant, masculine
disthène, masculine
distillat, masculine
distillateur, masculine
distinguo, masculine
distique, masculine
distribanque, masculine
distributif, masculine
disulfirame, masculine
disulfure, masculine
diterpène, masculine
dithiépane, masculine
dithiétane, masculine
dithyrambe, masculine
dititane, masculine
dito, masculine
diu, masculine
diurétique, masculine
diurnal, masculine
divulgateur, masculine
dixain, masculine
dizain, masculine
dizainier, masculine
dizenier, masculine
djai, masculine
djaïn, masculine
djebel, masculine
djeferson, masculine
djembé, masculine
djermakoye, masculine
djeune, masculine
djiadisme, masculine
djibouti, masculine
djihadisme, masculine
djinn, masculine
djoundi, masculine
docker, masculine
doctorant, masculine
docu, masculine
documentaire, masculine
documenteur, masculine
dodécadodécaèdre, masculine
dodécaèdre, masculine
dodécahémicosaèdre, masculine
dodécahémidodécaèdre, masculine
dodécane, masculine
dodécanèse, masculine
dodécanol, masculine
dodécaphonisme, masculine
dodécastyle, masculine
dodécasyllabe, masculine
dodécicosaèdre, masculine
dodécicosidodécaèdre, masculine
dogat, masculine
doge, masculine
doigté, masculine
doigter, masculine
doigtier, masculine
dojo, masculine
dol, masculine
dolichocôlon, masculine
dolique, masculine
fichen, masculine
ficoïde, feminine
fidéjussion, feminine
fidélisation, feminine
fidic, feminine
fiducie, feminine
fiente, feminine
dolman, masculine
domalain, masculine
dominion, masculine
dominiquais, masculine
domoïde, masculine
domptage, masculine
fifa, feminine
fifi, masculine
fifille, feminine
figuerie, feminine
figuline, feminine
figuration, feminine
filaggrine, feminine
filariose, feminine
filasse, feminine
filatieff, masculine
filatrice, feminine
filature, feminine
fileuse, feminine
filialisation, feminine
filière, feminine
filipendule, feminine
fillâtre, masculine
filmographie, feminine
filmologie, feminine
filmothèque, feminine
filouterie, feminine
finalisation, feminine
finalité, feminine
financeuse, feminine
financiarisation, feminine
financière, feminine
finasserie, feminine
finasseuse, feminine
finassière, feminine
finastéride, feminine
fine, feminine
finette, feminine
finissante, feminine
finisseuse, feminine
finistérienne, feminine
finitude, feminine
finlandisation, feminine
fioriture, feminine
fiote, feminine
fiotte, feminine
fis, feminine
fiscalisation, feminine
fisétine, feminine
fission, feminine
fissiparie, feminine
fissuration, feminine
fistuline, feminine
fistulisation, feminine
fistulographie, feminine
fiteq, feminine
fivète, feminine
fixatrice, feminine
fixette, feminine
fixité, feminine
flaccidité, feminine
flacherie, feminine
flagellation, feminine
flagellatrice, feminine
flagornerie, feminine
flagorneuse, feminine
flagrance, feminine
flamande, feminine
flambe, feminine
flambée, feminine
flamberge, feminine
flambeuse, feminine
flame, feminine
flamel, masculine
flamiche, feminine
flaminique, feminine
flammèche, feminine
flammerole, feminine
flammette, feminine
flanconade, feminine
flandrienne, feminine
flânerie, feminine
flasque, feminine
flatuosité, feminine
flaugnarde, feminine
flavescine, feminine
flavie, feminine
flavine, feminine
fléchette, feminine
fléchettes, feminine
fleischnacka, feminine
fleischschnacka, feminine
flemme, feminine
fléole, feminine
flétrissure, feminine
fleuraison, feminine
fleurette, feminine
fleuristerie, feminine
flexibilisation, feminine
flexure, feminine
flibuste, feminine
donaldvillois, masculine
donbass, masculine
doncaster, masculine
donjuanisme, masculine
donquichottisme, masculine
doping, masculine
dorage, masculine
dordognais, masculine
doreur, masculine
flicaille, feminine
fliquesse, feminine
fliquette, feminine
flirteuse, feminine
floc'h, masculine
floculation, feminine
flopée, feminine
floppée, feminine
floralie, feminine
florianne, feminine
floricultrice, feminine
floriculture, feminine
floridée, feminine
flotille, feminine
flottabilité, feminine
flottaison, feminine
flottation, feminine
fluatation, feminine
fluidification, feminine
fluidité, feminine
fluocompact, masculine
fluorescéine, feminine
fluorose, feminine
fluoruration, feminine
fluorure, feminine
fn, masculine
fnac, feminine
fnsea, feminine
fœdération, feminine
foène, feminine
foëne, feminine
foenkinos, masculine
fœtoscopie, feminine
foirache, feminine
foirade, feminine
foirante, feminine
foiraude, feminine
foirode, feminine
foirole, feminine
foirolle, feminine
dormeur, masculine
dormitif, masculine
doryline, masculine
doseur, masculine
doss, masculine
dosseret, masculine
douahou, masculine
douaire, masculine
doubien, masculine
doublé, masculine
doubleur, masculine
doudou, masculine
doujani, masculine
doum, masculine
douro, masculine
douteur, masculine
douzième, masculine
doyenné, masculine
dr, masculine
drac, masculine
dracon, masculine
drag, masculine
dragage, masculine
drageoir, masculine
drageon, masculine
dragoman, masculine
dragonnier, masculine
dragster, masculine
dragueur, masculine
drain, masculine
draineur, masculine
drakkar, masculine
foix, feminine
folasse, masculine
foliation, feminine
foliole, feminine
follerie, feminine
folliculine, feminine
folliculite, feminine
follistatine, feminine
follorou, masculine
fomentation, feminine
fomentatrice, feminine
fonceuse, feminine
fonctionnalisation, feminine
fonctionnarisation, feminine
fondatrice, feminine
fondeuse, feminine
fondrière, feminine
fongibilité, feminine
fongite, feminine
fontainerie, feminine
fontainière, feminine
fontange, feminine
foodista, feminine
dranyen, masculine
drapier, masculine
draveur, masculine
drawback, masculine
drayage, masculine
drayoir, masculine
drayoire, masculine
dreadnought, masculine
dressage, masculine
dresseur, masculine
dressing, masculine
drhc, masculine
dribble, masculine
dribbleur, masculine
drill, masculine
drink, masculine
driver, masculine
driveur, masculine
drogman, masculine
droguet, masculine
droguiste, masculine
droitiste, masculine
forceuse, feminine
forcipressure, feminine
forclusion, feminine
forestière, feminine
foreuse, feminine
forfaiture, feminine
forfanterie, feminine
forgeronne, feminine
formalité, feminine
formeuse, feminine
formiate, feminine
drômois, masculine
dromon, masculine
dronte, masculine
drop, masculine
droschki, masculine
drugstore, masculine
drumlin, masculine
drummond, masculine
dsk, masculine
dû, masculine
dual, masculine
dubstep, masculine
ducat, masculine
formication, feminine
formulette, feminine
forneiron, masculine
fornicatrice, feminine
forskalie, feminine
forstérite, feminine
fortitude, feminine
fossilisation, feminine
fossoyeuse, feminine
fouace, feminine
fouad, feminine
fouaille, feminine
fouane, feminine
foucade, feminine
foucault, masculine
fouée, feminine
fouëne, feminine
fouesnant, feminine
fouetteuse, feminine
foufoune, feminine
foufounette, feminine
fougasse, feminine
fougeraie, feminine
fougères, feminine
fouillet, masculine
fouilleuse, feminine
fouine, feminine
fouineuse, feminine
fouka, feminine
foulée, feminine
fouleuse, feminine
foulque, feminine
foultitude, feminine
foulure, feminine
foune, feminine
fourberie, feminine
fourbisseuse, feminine
fourgonnette, feminine
fourme, feminine
fourmis, feminine
fournaise, feminine
fournée, feminine
fournisseuse, feminine
fourragère, feminine
fourre, feminine
fourrière, feminine
foutaise, feminine
foutaises, feminine
fouterie, feminine
fovéa, feminine
fracturation, feminine
fragilisation, feminine
fragrance, feminine
fraicheur, feminine
frairie, feminine
fraiseraie, feminine
fraiseuse, feminine
fraisière, feminine
framboiseraie, feminine
framée, feminine
françafrique, feminine
francfort, feminine
francfortoise, feminine
francie, feminine
francilienne, feminine
francisque, feminine
francité, feminine
francitude, feminine
franconienne, feminine
francophonie, feminine
frangine, feminine
frangipane, feminine
frankenstein, masculine
franque, feminine
franquette, feminine
franquin, masculine
fransaskoise, feminine
frappeuse, feminine
frasque, feminine
fratrie, feminine
fraudeuse, feminine
fraudulosité, feminine
fraxinine, feminine
fredaine, feminine
fredonneuse, feminine
freineuse, feminine
frênaie, feminine
fressure, feminine
fréteuse, feminine
frette, feminine
friabilité, feminine
fricative, feminine
frigélisation, feminine
frigolite, feminine
frigorie, feminine
frigoule, feminine
frilosité, feminine
frime, feminine
frimeuse, feminine
fringale, feminine
fripe, feminine
friperie, feminine
fripière, feminine
friponnerie, feminine
fripouille, feminine
friseuse, feminine
frisonne, feminine
dueil, masculine
duetto, masculine
dufour, masculine
dugong, masculine
duhamel, masculine
dumais, masculine
dumay, masculine
dumping, masculine
dundee, masculine
dundée, masculine
dunkerquois, masculine
duo, masculine
duodécimain, masculine
duodécimanisme, masculine
duodi, masculine
duparquet, masculine
dupeur, masculine
duplex, masculine
duplicateur, masculine
duquesne, masculine
dur, masculine
duralumin, masculine
durance, masculine
duratif, masculine
durène, masculine
durex, masculine
durian, masculine
durillon, masculine
duumvir, masculine
duumvirat, masculine
dvd, masculine
dynamitage, masculine
dynamiteur, masculine
dynamo, masculine
dynamoscope, masculine
dynaste, masculine
dysfibrinogène, masculine
dysfonctionnement, masculine
dytique, masculine
dzêta, masculine
dzo, masculine
dzongkha, masculine
e, masculine
eagle, masculine
éau, masculine
ébardoir, masculine
ébénier, masculine
ébéniste, masculine
éblouissement, masculine
éboulement, masculine
éboulis, masculine
ébranlement, masculine
ébrouement, masculine
ébulliomètre, masculine
ébullioscope, masculine
écarté, masculine
écartèlement, masculine
écartement, masculine
ecclésiaste, masculine
écervelé, masculine
échalas, masculine
échalier, masculine
échangisme, masculine
échanson, masculine
échantillonneur, masculine
échappé, masculine
échardonnage, masculine
échardonnoir, masculine
échassier, masculine
échéancier, masculine
échécrate, masculine
échelonnement, masculine
échevin, masculine
échinocoque, masculine
échinoderme, masculine
échinoïde, masculine
échinomètre, masculine
échinon, masculine
échinope, masculine
échinozoaire, masculine
echmoun, masculine
échocardiogramme, masculine
échogramme, masculine
échographe, masculine
échosondage, masculine
échosondeur, masculine
échotier, masculine
écimage, masculine
éclaircissage, masculine
éclairement, masculine
éclaté, masculine
éclimètre, masculine
écliptique, masculine
éclusage, masculine
écoblanchiment, masculine
écocide, masculine
écœurant, masculine
écœurement, masculine
écolâtre, masculine
écologisme, masculine
écomusée, masculine
économat, masculine
économètre, masculine
économétricien, masculine
économiseur, masculine
frissung, masculine
frisure, feminine
friterie, feminine
fritillaire, feminine
fritte, feminine
froidure, feminine
frôleuse, feminine
fromagère, feminine
fronce, feminine
frondaison, feminine
frondeuse, feminine
frontalière, feminine
frontalité, feminine
économisme, masculine
écopeau, masculine
écoquartier, masculine
écorceur, masculine
écorché, masculine
écosocialisme, masculine
ecossais, masculine
écosseur, masculine
écot, masculine
écotone, masculine
écotourisme, masculine
écoulage, masculine
écoumène, masculine
écouvillon, masculine
frotteuse, feminine
fructification, feminine
fruiticultrice, feminine
fruitière, feminine
frutescence, feminine
fruticée, feminine
fuchsine, feminine
fucoxanthine, feminine
fugacité, feminine
fugèreville, feminine
fugitive, feminine
fuie, feminine
fulgurance, feminine
fulguration, feminine
fulmination, feminine
fulvie, feminine
fumagine, feminine
fumaison, feminine
fumaroli, masculine
fumerie, feminine
fumerolle, feminine
fumeterre, feminine
fumette, feminine
fumisterie, feminine
fumonisine, feminine
fumure, feminine
funéraille, feminine
fureteuse, feminine
furonculose, feminine
furosémide, feminine
furtivité, feminine
fusariose, feminine
fuscine, feminine
fusibilité, feminine
fustigation, feminine
fustine, feminine
fut, feminine
futaie, feminine
futaille, feminine
futuna, feminine
écrantage, masculine
écrasement, masculine
écrémage, masculine
écrêtage, masculine
écrêteur, masculine
écriteau, masculine
écriveur, masculine
écriveux, masculine
écrouissage, masculine
écroulement, masculine
ecthyma, masculine
ectoparasitisme, masculine
ectoplasme, masculine
ectoprocte, masculine
ectosymbiote, masculine
ectropion, masculine
écumage, masculine
eczémateux, masculine
ed, masculine
édam, masculine
édelweiss, masculine
éden, masculine
édile, masculine
édimbourgeois, masculine
édito, masculine
éditorial, masculine
edmontonien, masculine
edmundston, masculine
edsc, masculine
fuyarde, feminine
gabare, feminine
gabegie, feminine
gabière, feminine
gabonaise, feminine
gâche, feminine
gadès, feminine
gadji, feminine
gaduine, feminine
gaétane, feminine
gaffeuse, feminine
gageüre, feminine
gagnante, feminine
eee, masculine
eei, masculine
effacement, masculine
effaceur, masculine
effarouchement, masculine
effe, masculine
effecteur, masculine
effeuilleur, masculine
effilochement, masculine
effleurage, masculine
effleurement, masculine
effluent, masculine
effluve, masculine
effritement, masculine
égagropile, masculine
égaliseur, masculine
égarement, masculine
egat, masculine
egbert, masculine
eginer, masculine
églantier, masculine
églefin, masculine
égo, masculine
égoportrait, masculine
egor, masculine
égorgement, masculine
égorgeur, masculine
égotisme, masculine
égoutier, masculine
égouttage, masculine
gagneuse, feminine
gaillacoise, feminine
gaillarde, feminine
gaillardise, feminine
gaité, feminine
gaîté, feminine
galactite, feminine
galanterie, feminine
galantine, feminine
galéasse, feminine
galée, feminine
galéjade, feminine
galène, feminine
galerne, feminine
galéruque, feminine
galice, feminine
galicienne, feminine
galiléenne, feminine
galimafrée, feminine
galiote, feminine
galipette, feminine
gallacétophénone, feminine
galle, feminine
galléine, feminine
gallérie, feminine
galles, feminine
gallinule, feminine
gallomanie, feminine
galopade, feminine
galvanoplastie, feminine
galvanotaxie, feminine
galvanotype, feminine
galvanotypie, feminine
gamache, feminine
gamahucheuse, feminine
gamba, feminine
gambade, feminine
gambe, feminine
gambette, masculine
gambienne, feminine
gambille, feminine
gambra, feminine
gamétogenèse, feminine
gamine, feminine
gammaglobuline, feminine
ganache, feminine
égouttoir, masculine
égrappage, masculine
égratignement, masculine
égrégore, masculine
égreneur, masculine
egyptien, masculine
ehouarn, masculine
ehpad, masculine
ei, masculine
éi, masculine
eider, masculine
eidotrope, masculine
eii, masculine
éii, masculine
eiil, masculine
éiil, masculine
eins, masculine
éjaculateur, masculine
éjecta, masculine
éjecteur, masculine
éjectile, masculine
ékaiode, masculine
ekamanganèse, masculine
ékasilicium, masculine
ékranoplane, masculine
ekrem, masculine
élaborateur, masculine
élagage, masculine
ganacherie, feminine
ganaderia, feminine
gandoise, feminine
gandoura, feminine
gangue, feminine
ganse, feminine
élagueur, masculine
élancement, masculine
éland, masculine
élanion, masculine
élasticimètre, masculine
élastique, masculine
élatéromètre, masculine
élatif, masculine
elbot, masculine
eldorado, masculine
éléazar, masculine
électoralisme, masculine
électroaffinage, masculine
électroaimant, masculine
électroattracteur, masculine
électrocardiogramme, masculine
électrocardiographe, masculine
électrocatalyseur, masculine
électrochoc, masculine
électroculture, masculine
électrocyte, masculine
électrodonneur, masculine
électrodynamomètre, masculine
électroencéphalogramme, masculine
électrofiltre, masculine
électrogalvanisme, masculine
électromécanicien, masculine
électroménager, masculine
électromètre, masculine
électronicien, masculine
électronucléaire, masculine
électronvolt, masculine
électrophone, masculine
électrophore, masculine
électroplaquage, masculine
électrorétinogramme, masculine
électrospray, masculine
électrotechnicien, masculine
électrotropisme, masculine
électrum, masculine
électuaire, masculine
elfique, masculine
éliakim, masculine
élie, masculine
éliézer, masculine
éliminateur, masculine
éliot, masculine
éliott, masculine
élisée, masculine
élixir, masculine
elle, masculine
élliot, masculine
élliott, masculine
ellipsoïde, masculine
elnour, masculine
élu, masculine
éluant, masculine
éluat, masculine
élurope, masculine
éluvion, masculine
elvinois, masculine
élyme, masculine
elysée, masculine
élysée, masculine
élytre, masculine
émaciement, masculine
email, masculine
émaillage, masculine
émailleur, masculine
émargement, masculine
emballement, masculine
emballeur, masculine
embarcadère, masculine
embauchage, masculine
embaucheur, masculine
embaumement, masculine
emberlificoteur, masculine
embêtement, masculine
embioptère, masculine
emboîtement, masculine
embole, masculine
embolisme, masculine
embourbement, masculine
embourgeoisement, masculine
embout, masculine
embouteilleur, masculine
emboutissage, masculine
embrasement, masculine
embrassement, masculine
embrasseur, masculine
embrigadement, masculine
embrouillamini, masculine
embrun, masculine
embryoblaste, masculine
embryophyte, masculine
émère, masculine
émerillon, masculine
éméritat, masculine
émésénien, masculine
émésien, masculine
émétique, masculine
émeu, masculine
émeutier, masculine
émiettement, masculine
émigré, masculine
émincé, masculine
émir, masculine
émirati, masculine
émirien, masculine
émisphère, masculine
émissaire, masculine
émittancemètre, masculine
emmanché, masculine
emmanchement, masculine
emmaüs, masculine
emme, masculine
emménagogue, masculine
emmental, masculine
emmerdement, masculine
emmurement, masculine
émoi, masculine
émollient, masculine
émolument, masculine
émondeur, masculine
émottage, masculine
empaillage, masculine
gansette, feminine
ganteline, feminine
ganterie, feminine
gantière, feminine
garance, feminine
garantissabilité, feminine
garat, masculine
garbure, feminine
garçonne, feminine
garçonnière, feminine
garderie, feminine
gardeuse, feminine
garenne, masculine
garennière, feminine
gargamelle, feminine
gargote, feminine
gargotière, feminine
gargouillade, feminine
gargouille, feminine
gargoulette, feminine
garniérite, feminine
garnisseuse, feminine
garoupe, feminine
garrigue, feminine
gartempe, feminine
gasconnade, feminine
gaspésie, feminine
gaspilleuse, feminine
gasquet, masculine
gasthaus, masculine
gastralgie, feminine
gastrectomie, feminine
gastricité, feminine
gastrite, feminine
gastro, feminine
gastroentérologie, feminine
gastromancie, feminine
gastroscopie, feminine
gastrosophie, feminine
gastrotomie, feminine
gatarre, feminine
gâtine, feminine
gatineau, feminine
gatinoise, feminine
gauchard, masculine
gaucharde, feminine
gauchère, feminine
gaucherie, feminine
gaude, feminine
gaudet, masculine
gaudin, masculine
gaudriole, feminine
gaufreuse, feminine
gaufrure, feminine
gaugain, masculine
gauguin, masculine
gaulle, feminine
gauloise, feminine
gauloiserie, feminine
gaultheria, feminine
gaulthérine, feminine
gaumont, masculine
gaupe, feminine
gaure, masculine
gausserie, feminine
gavarnie, feminine
gavotte, feminine
gayan, masculine
gazéification, feminine
gazéité, feminine
gazetière, feminine
gazette, feminine
gazière, feminine
gazoline, feminine
gazométrie, feminine
geaam, masculine
géante, feminine
gégène, feminine
géhenne, feminine
gélification, feminine
gélifraction, feminine
gélinotte, feminine
géliturbation, feminine
gélivation, feminine
gélose, feminine
gélule, feminine
gembloux, feminine
gémellité, feminine
gémination, feminine
géminée, feminine
gemme, feminine
gemmologie, feminine
gemmothérapie, feminine
gemmule, feminine
gémonies, feminine
gendarmette, feminine
générale, feminine
généralité, feminine
génératrice, feminine
génèse, feminine
genêtière, feminine
gêneuse, feminine
génialité, feminine
génine, feminine
génitoires, masculine
génitrice, feminine
genouillère, feminine
gentiamarine, feminine
gentilhommière, feminine
gentilistique, feminine
gentilité, feminine
gentiopicrine, feminine
gentisine, feminine
gentrification, feminine
génuflexion, feminine
géo, feminine
géoarchéologie, feminine
géochimie, feminine
géochronologie, feminine
géode, feminine
geoduck, feminine
géoéconomie, feminine
géognosie, feminine
géohydrographie, feminine
géohydrologie, feminine
geôlière, feminine
géolocalisation, feminine
géolocation, feminine
géomatique, feminine
géomécanique, feminine
géonomie, feminine
géophagie, feminine
géoradar, feminine
géoscience, feminine
géostatistique, feminine
géostratégie, feminine
géothermie, feminine
géotrichose, feminine
géraniine, feminine
géranine, feminine
gerbeuse, feminine
gergovie, feminine
gergovienne, feminine
germanène, feminine
germanité, feminine
germanomanie, feminine
germanopratine, feminine
geromegnace, masculine
gérone, feminine
gérontophilie, feminine
gertaldi, masculine
gesse, feminine
gessette, feminine
empaillement, masculine
empailleur, masculine
empalement, masculine
empaleur, masculine
empan, masculine
empannage, masculine
empaquetage, masculine
empaqueteur, masculine
empattement, masculine
empêchement, masculine
empêcheur, masculine
empédocle, masculine
gesticulation, feminine
gestuelle, feminine
geu, feminine
gg, masculine
ghanéenne, feminine
ghettoïsation, feminine
ghréline, feminine
gibbosité, feminine
gibbsite, feminine
gibecière, feminine
gibelotte, feminine
giberne, feminine
giboulée, feminine
gibraltarienne, feminine
giclée, feminine
gicleur, feminine
gigantomachie, feminine
gigaseconde, feminine
gigi, feminine
gigolette, feminine
gigoteuse, feminine
gildas, masculine
gilde, feminine
giletière, feminine
gineste, feminine
gingivite, feminine
gingivostomatite, feminine
giobertite, feminine
giraffe, feminine
giration, feminine
girelle, feminine
girl, feminine
giroflée, feminine
girolle, feminine
girondine, feminine
gironne, feminine
gîte, masculine
glabelle, feminine
glacerie, feminine
glacière, feminine
glaçure, feminine
gladiatrice, feminine
glaire, feminine
glairine, feminine
glaise, feminine
glaisière, feminine
emphysémateux, masculine
empiècement, masculine
empiètement, masculine
empiétement, masculine
empilage, masculine
empilement, masculine
empileur, masculine
empiriocriticisme, masculine
empois, masculine
empoisonneur, masculine
empoissonnement, masculine
emport, masculine
emportement, masculine
empoté, masculine
emprésurage, masculine
empyème, masculine
empyrée, masculine
ems, masculine
emsien, masculine
émulsifiant, masculine
ènal, masculine
énanthème, masculine
énantiomère, masculine
énargite, masculine
encadrant, masculine
encadreur, masculine
encagement, masculine
encaissage, masculine
encaisseur, masculine
encan, masculine
glandeuse, feminine
glandule, feminine
glane, feminine
glâne, feminine
glaneuse, feminine
glaucienne, feminine
glaucière, feminine
glauconie, feminine
glaucophane, masculine
glèbe, feminine
glène, feminine
glette, feminine
gliadine, feminine
glie, feminine
glisse, feminine
glisseuse, feminine
glissoire, feminine
globigérine, feminine
globulinurie, feminine
glomaline, feminine
encanaillement, masculine
encart, masculine
encastage, masculine
encasteur, masculine
encastrement, masculine
encaustiquage, masculine
encelade, masculine
encensement, masculine
encenseur, masculine
encensier, masculine
encéphalogramme, masculine
encerclement, masculine
enchâssement, masculine
enchatonnement, masculine
enchevêtrement, masculine
enchondrome, masculine
enchondrosarcome, masculine
enclavement, masculine
enclenchement, masculine
enclitique, masculine
encodage, masculine
encodeur, masculine
encolleur, masculine
encombre, masculine
encombrement, masculine
encomium, masculine
encontre, masculine
encorbellement, masculine
encornet, masculine
encoubert, masculine
encrage, masculine
encrassage, masculine
encrassement, masculine
encrine, masculine
enculeur, masculine
encuvage, masculine
endaubage, masculine
endécagone, masculine
endémisme, masculine
endigage, masculine
endiguement, masculine
endimanchement, masculine
endoblaste, masculine
endocarde, masculine
endocol, masculine
endoderme, masculine
endolithe, masculine
endomètre, masculine
endométriome, masculine
endoparasitisme, masculine
endoparasitoïde, masculine
endoscope, masculine
endosmomètre, masculine
endosmose, masculine
endosperme, masculine
endosymbiote, masculine
endothélium, masculine
endurcissement, masculine
enduriste, masculine
énée, masculine
énergéticien, masculine
énésidème, masculine
enfermement, masculine
enfeu, masculine
enfleurage, masculine
enfoiré, masculine
enfoncement, masculine
enfonceur, masculine
enfouissement, masculine
enfournement, masculine
enfumoir, masculine
engatse, masculine
engazonnement, masculine
engendrement, masculine
engendreur, masculine
engloutissement, masculine
engluage, masculine
engobe, masculine
engorgement, masculine
engoulevent, masculine
engourdissement, masculine
engrain, masculine
engraissage, masculine
engraissement, masculine
engramme, masculine
engrangement, masculine
engueulement, masculine
engueuleur, masculine
enivrement, masculine
enjambement, masculine
enjambeur, masculine
enjôlement, masculine
enjôleur, masculine
enjolivement, masculine
enjouement, masculine
enkystement, masculine
enlacement, masculine
enlaidissement, masculine
enlisement, masculine
enlumineur, masculine
enne, masculine
ennéagone, masculine
enneigement, masculine
ennoblissement, masculine
ennoyage, masculine
énol, masculine
énonciateur, masculine
enquiquinement, masculine
enquiquineur, masculine
enracinement, masculine
enraiement, masculine
enrayement, masculine
enrégimentement, masculine
enrégistrement, masculine
enrobage, masculine
enrochement, masculine
enrôlé, masculine
enroulement, masculine
ensablement, masculine
ensachage, masculine
ensacheur, masculine
ensantine, masculine
ensemblier, masculine
ensevelissement, masculine
ensevelisseur, masculine
ensilage, masculine
ensorceleur, masculine
ensorcellement, masculine
entablement, masculine
entailleur, masculine
entartage, masculine
entartement, masculine
entartrage, masculine
entassement, masculine
entendant, masculine
entendeur, masculine
entérinement, masculine
entérocyte, masculine
enterreur, masculine
entête, masculine
enthymème, masculine
enthymémisme, masculine
entier, masculine
entoblaste, masculine
entognathe, masculine
entomophile, masculine
entortillement, masculine
entour, masculine
entr'acte, masculine
entrain, masculine
entrainement, masculine
entraxe, masculine
entrebâillement, masculine
entrechat, masculine
entrecroisement, masculine
entrefesse, masculine
entregent, masculine
entrejeu, masculine
entrelac, masculine
entrelacs, masculine
entremets, masculine
entremetteur, masculine
entrepont, masculine
entreposage, masculine
entreprenariat, masculine
entrepreneuriat, masculine
entresol, masculine
entretemps, masculine
entrisme, masculine
entropion, masculine
enturbannement, masculine
envasement, masculine
enveloppement, masculine
envenimement, masculine
envi, masculine
environs, masculine
envol, masculine
envoûtement, masculine
envoûteur, masculine
envoye, masculine
envoyeur, masculine
ényne, masculine
enzymage, masculine
enzymologie, masculine
eo, masculine
éocène, masculine
éole, masculine
éolipyle, masculine
éonisme, masculine
éosinophile, masculine
ep, masculine
glomérulonéphrite, feminine
gloriette, feminine
glossectomie, feminine
glossine, feminine
glossite, feminine
glossodynie, feminine
glossographie, feminine
glossolalie, feminine
glossologie, feminine
glossophytie, feminine
glossoplégie, feminine
glossotomie, feminine
glottite, feminine
glouchevitch, masculine
glu, feminine
glucogalline, feminine
gluconéogenèse, feminine
glucosazone, feminine
glucoserie, feminine
glucuroconjugaison, feminine
glumelle, feminine
gluténine, feminine
glycémie, feminine
glycérate, feminine
glycinémie, feminine
glycocolle, feminine
glycogenèse, feminine
glycogénie, feminine
glycogénogenèse, feminine
glycolase, feminine
glycorégulation, feminine
glycosurie, feminine
glyptique, feminine
glyptographie, feminine
glyptothèque, feminine
gnaque, feminine
gniape, feminine
gnognote, feminine
gnognotte, feminine
gnôle, feminine
gnomesse, feminine
gnomette, feminine
gnomide, feminine
gnomonique, feminine
gnoséologie, feminine
go, masculine
goarant, masculine
goberge, feminine
gobeuse, feminine
godard, masculine
godasse, feminine
godille, feminine
godin, masculine
goélette, feminine
goethite, feminine
gogole, feminine
gogue, feminine
goguenarderie, feminine
goguette, feminine
goguettière, feminine
goinfrerie, feminine
goja, feminine
golconde, feminine
golfeuse, feminine
gomi, masculine
gomina, feminine
gomorrhe, feminine
gomphose, feminine
gonade, feminine
gonadostimuline, feminine
gonadotrope, feminine
gonadotrophine, feminine
gonarthrose, feminine
gondolière, feminine
gonne, feminine
gonnelle, feminine
gonococcie, feminine
gorette, feminine
gorgerette, feminine
gorgière, feminine
gorgone, feminine
gosette, feminine
goton, feminine
gouaille, feminine
gouaillerie, feminine
goualeuse, feminine
gouape, feminine
gouar, feminine
gouarège, feminine
goudronnerie, feminine
gouge, feminine
gougère, feminine
gougoune, feminine
gougoutte, feminine
gouille, feminine
gouine, feminine
goulée, feminine
goupille, feminine
gourmade, feminine
gourmandise, feminine
gourme, feminine
goussainvilloise, feminine
gouteuse, feminine
goûteuse, feminine
gouvernance, feminine
gouvernante, feminine
gouverne, feminine
gouvernementalité, feminine
gouverneure, feminine
gouverneuse, feminine
gow, feminine
gpa, feminine
gracilité, feminine
gradation, feminine
graduation, feminine
græce, feminine
græcque, feminine
graffiteuse, feminine
graille, masculine
graineterie, feminine
grainetière, feminine
graineuse, feminine
grainothèque, feminine
graminée, feminine
grammairienne, feminine
grammaticalisation, feminine
grammaticalité, feminine
granada, feminine
grandiloquence, feminine
grand'mère, feminine
grand'peur, feminine
granitisation, feminine
granulation, feminine
granulie, feminine
granulite, feminine
granulomatose, feminine
granulométrie, feminine
graphie, feminine
graphologie, feminine
graphomotricité, feminine
graphosphère, feminine
gratiole, feminine
gratioline, feminine
grattage, feminine
gratte, feminine
gratuité, feminine
gravelle, feminine
gravette, feminine
graveuse, feminine
gravimétrie, feminine
grc, feminine
grécité, feminine
gredine, feminine
greffière, feminine
grègue, feminine
greluche, feminine
grémille, feminine
grenadienne, feminine
grenadine, feminine
grenaille, feminine
grenoble, feminine
grenobloise, feminine
grenouillère, feminine
grévillée, feminine
griffonneuse, feminine
griffure, feminine
grignoteuse, feminine
grillade, feminine
grimpette, feminine
grimpeuse, feminine
grinchosité, feminine
griotte, feminine
grippette, feminine
grisaille, feminine
griserie, feminine
grisoutine, feminine
grisoutite, feminine
grivèlerie, feminine
grivoiserie, feminine
grocerie, feminine
grognarde, feminine
grognasse, feminine
grogne, feminine
grogneuse, feminine
grojean, masculine
grolle, feminine
gronderie, feminine
grondeuse, feminine
grosjean, masculine
grosselle, feminine
grossophobie, feminine
grossuline, feminine
grothendieck, masculine
groupie, feminine
grume, feminine
grutière, feminine
gryphée, feminine
guanidine, feminine
guatémalienne, feminine
guède, feminine
guédiguian, masculine
guédille, feminine
guéguerre, feminine
guenièvre, feminine
guenille, feminine
guenipe, feminine
guépéou, feminine
guêpière, feminine
guérilla, feminine
guérillera, feminine
guérite, feminine
guernesiaise, feminine
épaississement, masculine
épaississeur, masculine
épaminondas, masculine
épanchement, masculine
épandage, masculine
épandeur, masculine
épanouissement, masculine
épaphrodite, masculine
épargnant, masculine
éparpillement, masculine
éparque, masculine
éparvin, masculine
épatage, masculine
épatement, masculine
épateur, masculine
épaulard, masculine
épaulement, masculine
épaulière, masculine
épaveur, masculine
épazote, masculine
épéisme, masculine
épendyme, masculine
éperlan, masculine
épervin, masculine
épha, masculine
éphèbe, masculine
éphésien, masculine
éphésiens, masculine
éphialte, masculine
éphialtès, masculine
éphippion, masculine
éphore, masculine
ephraïm, masculine
éphraïm, masculine
epi, masculine
épiblaste, masculine
épicalice, masculine
épicarde, masculine
épicharme, masculine
épichérème, masculine
épichorion, masculine
épicondyle, masculine
épicrâne, masculine
épictète, masculine
épicure, masculine
épicurien, masculine
épicycle, masculine
épididyme, masculine
épidote, masculine
épigénome, masculine
épilateur, masculine
épilimnion, masculine
épillet, masculine
épilobe, masculine
épimère, masculine
épimorion, masculine
épimorphisme, masculine
épineux, masculine
épinglage, masculine
épinglier, masculine
épiphane, masculine
épiphénomène, masculine
épiphyte, masculine
épiploon, masculine
épipôle, masculine
épiscope, masculine
épissage, masculine
épistolaire, masculine
épistolier, masculine
épistyle, masculine
épisulfure, masculine
épithalame, masculine
épithalamus, masculine
épithème, masculine
épitomé, masculine
épitope, masculine
épitrite, masculine
épluchage, masculine
éplucheur, masculine
épluchoir, masculine
épode, masculine
éponyme, masculine
épouilleur, masculine
époussetage, masculine
époxy, masculine
époxyde, masculine
eprix, masculine
épurateur, masculine
eqrem, masculine
équarrissage, masculine
équarrisseur, masculine
équarrissoir, masculine
équatif, masculine
equatorien, masculine
équidé, masculine
équilibrage, masculine
équilibrisme, masculine
équilibrium, masculine
équinisme, masculine
équipementier, masculine
équipier, masculine
équivalentiste, masculine
éraflage, masculine
érafloir, masculine
érasistrate, masculine
éraste, masculine
ératosthène, masculine
erbine, masculine
erdogan, masculine
érecteur, masculine
éreinteur, masculine
érésipèle, masculine
érésypèle, masculine
éréthisme, masculine
ergastule, masculine
ergocalciférol, masculine
ergographe, masculine
ergol, masculine
ergostérol, masculine
ergotage, masculine
ergoteur, masculine
ergotisme, masculine
érigeron, masculine
érigéron, masculine
érik, masculine
érine, masculine
ériomètre, masculine
guerrier, masculine
guète, feminine
guêtre, feminine
guette, feminine
guetteuse, feminine
gueulante, feminine
gueuserie, feminine
guézette, feminine
guibole, feminine
guibolle, feminine
guibre, feminine
guiche, feminine
guichetière, feminine
guienne, feminine
guifette, feminine
guignolade, feminine
guilloche, feminine
guilvinec, feminine
guimauve, feminine
guimpe, feminine
guindaille, feminine
guinille, feminine
guipure, feminine
guisarme, feminine
guise, masculine
guit, feminine
guitoune, feminine
guivre, feminine
gulbahar, feminine
gunite, feminine
gunnera, feminine
gustation, feminine
gustométrie, feminine
gutte, feminine
guyanaise, feminine
guyenne, feminine
guzla, feminine
gym, masculine
gymnopédie, feminine
gynandrie, feminine
gynarchie, feminine
gynocide, feminine
gypserie, feminine
gypsophile, feminine
habanera, feminine
habilleuse, feminine
habitabilité, feminine
hâblerie, feminine
hachereau, feminine
hachette, feminine
hacienda, feminine
hackeuse, feminine
hacquebute, feminine
hadopi, feminine
hae, feminine
hæmorragie, feminine
haïdamakha, masculine
haire, feminine
haïsseuse, feminine
haïtienne, feminine
haja, feminine
halde, feminine
halieutique, masculine
haliotide, feminine
halite, feminine
halle, feminine
hallebardière, feminine
halloween, masculine
halloysite, feminine
hallucinose, feminine
hallyu, masculine
halographie, feminine
halophyte, feminine
halte, feminine
haltérophilie, feminine
hamada, feminine
hamadryade, feminine
hamartiologie, feminine
hampe, feminine
hamraoui, masculine
hanako, feminine
handballeuse, feminine
hanoukka, feminine
hantise, feminine
hantologie, feminine
haploïdie, feminine
haplologie, feminine
haplophase, feminine
hapticité, feminine
haptique, feminine
haptonomie, feminine
haquebute, feminine
har, feminine
harangueuse, feminine
harceleuse, feminine
harde, feminine
hardes, feminine
hardeuse, feminine
érodium, masculine
érone, masculine
éros, masculine
érouv, masculine
érouve, masculine
erratum, masculine
erre, masculine
errements, masculine
ers, masculine
ersatz, masculine
érudit, masculine
erwan, masculine
érynge, masculine
éryngion, masculine
érysipèle, masculine
érythème, masculine
érythrasma, masculine
érythréen, masculine
érythroblaste, masculine
érythronium, masculine
érythrose, masculine
érythrulose, masculine
ésaïe, masculine
ésaü, masculine
esbroufeur, masculine
escabeau, masculine
escadron, masculine
escalateur, masculine
escamoteur, masculine
escarbot, masculine
escargatoire, masculine
escarpement, masculine
eschine, masculine
eschmoûn, masculine
eschyle, masculine
escient, masculine
esclavagisme, masculine
escompte, masculine
escompteur, masculine
escopateur, masculine
escopettier, masculine
escorteur, masculine
escourgeon, masculine
escudet, masculine
esculape, masculine
esculapien, masculine
eshmoun, masculine
eskimo, masculine
eskuara, masculine
esmérillon, masculine
ésotérisme, masculine
espadron, masculine
espagnolisme, masculine
espalier, masculine
esparcet, masculine
espiègle, masculine
espiogiciel, masculine
esponton, masculine
esquif, masculine
esquimau, masculine
esquipot, masculine
essaimage, masculine
essart, masculine
essayeur, masculine
esse, masculine
essencier, masculine
essif, masculine
essonnien, masculine
essorage, masculine
essoufflement, masculine
essuyage, masculine
essuyeur, masculine
establishment, masculine
estafier, masculine
estaminet, masculine
estampage, masculine
ester, masculine
esthéticien, masculine
esthétisme, masculine
estimateur, masculine
estoc, masculine
estoppel, masculine
estragol, masculine
estramaçon, masculine
estran, masculine
estrémaduran, masculine
estropié, masculine
êta, masculine
établi, masculine
harengère, feminine
harga, feminine
hargne, feminine
haridelle, feminine
harmolodie, feminine
harpagonne, feminine
hartite, feminine
haruko, feminine
harumi, feminine
hase, feminine
hasegawa, masculine
hass, feminine
hatchetine, feminine
hathor, feminine
haubourdin, feminine
hauschild, masculine
hauschildt, masculine
haussière, feminine
haussmann, masculine
haussmannisation, feminine
hautaineté, feminine
hautesse, feminine
haüy, masculine
haüynite, feminine
havraise, feminine
hawaïanité, feminine
hawaïenne, feminine
hawaiienne, feminine
hayashi, masculine
hazanavicius, masculine
hc, feminine
hébé, feminine
hébéphrène, masculine
hébéphrénie, feminine
hébergeuse, feminine
hébert, masculine
hébétude, feminine
hébraïsation, feminine
hébrides, feminine
hebs, masculine
hec, feminine
hécate, feminine
hécube, feminine
hédéragénine, feminine
hédérine, feminine
hégire, feminine
hélépole, feminine
hélianthine, feminine
hélicicultrice, feminine
héliciculture, feminine
hélicoïde, feminine
héligare, feminine
héliochromie, feminine
héliogaine, feminine
héliographie, feminine
héliosismologie, feminine
héliosphère, feminine
héliothérapie, feminine
héliotropine, feminine
hélisurface, feminine
helléborine, feminine
hellénisation, feminine
helminthiase, feminine
hélodée, feminine
helvelle, feminine
helvétie, feminine
hémagglutination, feminine
hémagglutinine, feminine
hémarthrose, feminine
hématéine, feminine
hématémèse, feminine
hématidrose, feminine
hématine, feminine
hématite, feminine
hématoïdine, feminine
hématose, feminine
hématosine, feminine
hématoxyline, feminine
héméralopie, feminine
hémérocalle, feminine
hémérochorie, feminine
hémérothèque, feminine
hémialgie, feminine
hémianopsie, feminine
hémicrânie, feminine
hémiédrie, feminine
hémimandibule, feminine
hémimorphite, feminine
hémine, feminine
hémiopie, feminine
hémiparésie, feminine
hémiplégie, feminine
hémitropie, feminine
hémochromatose, feminine
hémocyanine, feminine
hémodialyse, feminine
hémogénie, feminine
hémolymphe, feminine
hémolysine, feminine
hémopathie, feminine
hémopoèse, feminine
hémorroïde, feminine
hémostase, feminine
hémovigilance, feminine
hépatalgie, feminine
hépatique, feminine
hépatisation, feminine
hépatocèle, feminine
hépatologie, feminine
hépatomégalie, feminine
hépatonéphrite, feminine
hépatopathie, feminine
hépatotomie, feminine
hépatotoxémie, feminine
hepcidine, feminine
heptaméride, feminine
heptatomicité, feminine
héra, feminine
étagement, masculine
étai, masculine
étal, masculine
étalement, masculine
étalonnier, masculine
étamage, masculine
étameur, masculine
étanchement, masculine
étançon, masculine
étant, masculine
étasunien, masculine
etat, masculine
étatisme, masculine
étatsunien, masculine
étendage, masculine
étendoir, masculine
éternument, masculine
étésien, masculine
étêtement, masculine
éthal, masculine
éthanal, masculine
éthanedial, masculine
éthanethiol, masculine
éthanoate, masculine
éthanolate, masculine
éthènone, masculine
éthényle, masculine
éther, masculine
éthérate, masculine
éthérisme, masculine
éthérol, masculine
ethiopien, masculine
éthiops, masculine
ethnarque, masculine
ethnocide, masculine
ethnonyme, masculine
éthoxyde, masculine
éthoxyéthane, masculine
éthyl, masculine
éthylbenzène, masculine
éthyle, masculine
éthylidène, masculine
éthylomètre, masculine
éthylotest, masculine
éthynediol, masculine
éthynol, masculine
éthynylestradiol, masculine
étiage, masculine
etienne, masculine
étier, masculine
étiléfrine, masculine
étiquetage, masculine
étiqueteur, masculine
étirage, masculine
étirement, masculine
étireur, masculine
étouffoir, masculine
étourdissement, masculine
étranglement, masculine
étrangleur, masculine
étron, masculine
étymon, masculine
éua, masculine
eucalyptus, masculine
euclide, masculine
eucologe, masculine
eudème, masculine
eudes, masculine
eudiomètre, masculine
eudiométrie, masculine
eudiste, masculine
eugénate, masculine
eumène, masculine
eunuchat, masculine
euphuisme, masculine
eurasien, masculine
euric, masculine
euripide, masculine
eurochèque, masculine
eurocommunisme, masculine
herborisation, feminine
hérédosyphilis, feminine
herisoa, feminine
hérissonne, feminine
héritabilité, feminine
héritière, feminine
hermaise, feminine
herméneutique, feminine
herméticité, feminine
hernioplastie, feminine
herniorraphie, feminine
hérodias, feminine
héroïcité, feminine
héronnière, feminine
herpétologie, feminine
herpolhodie, feminine
hesbignonne, feminine
hespérides, feminine
hespéridine, feminine
hespérie, feminine
hess, feminine
hessoise, feminine
hestia, feminine
hétaïre, feminine
hétairie, feminine
hétérie, feminine
hétérochromie, feminine
hétérocratie, feminine
hétérodyne, masculine
hétérofilm, feminine
hétérogénéité, feminine
hétérogénie, feminine
hétérogreffe, feminine
hétérojonction, feminine
hétérolyse, feminine
hétéromorphie, feminine
hétérophilie, feminine
hétérophobie, feminine
hétéroscédasticité, feminine
hétérosexuelle, feminine
hétérosocialité, feminine
hétérosphère, feminine
hétérostructure, feminine
hétérotropie, feminine
hexaédrite, feminine
heymans, masculine
hidrosadénite, feminine
hie, feminine
hièble, feminine
hiérapolis, feminine
hiérarchisation, feminine
hikari, feminine
hindouité, feminine
hindouïté, feminine
hippiatrie, feminine
hippomanie, feminine
hippophagie, feminine
hippurie, feminine
hiroko, feminine
hisako, feminine
hispanie, feminine
hispaniola, feminine
histamine, feminine
histidine, feminine
histochimie, feminine
histocompatibilité, feminine
histogenèse, feminine
histolyse, feminine
histonomie, feminine
histoplasmose, feminine
historadiographie, feminine
historicité, feminine
historiographie, feminine
hitomi, feminine
hlm, masculine
hne, feminine
hnp, feminine
hnr, feminine
ho, masculine
hoang, masculine
hoarau, masculine
hoareau, masculine
hockeyeuse, feminine
hoguine, feminine
hola, feminine
holding, masculine
holoédrie, feminine
holographie, feminine
holomorphose, feminine
holonomie, feminine
holophylie, feminine
holoprotéine, feminine
holothurie, feminine
homarderie, feminine
homéose, feminine
homéothermie, feminine
hominisation, feminine
homochromie, feminine
homocystéine, feminine
homogamétie, feminine
euromaïdan, masculine
euromissile, masculine
europarlement, masculine
europate, masculine
européanisme, masculine
européisme, masculine
euscarien, masculine
eusèbe, masculine
euskarien, masculine
eustatisme, masculine
eutectique, masculine
euthydème, masculine
euxénite, masculine
évadé, masculine
évain, masculine
évangéliaire, masculine
évangélisateur, masculine
évangélisme, masculine
évangéliste, masculine
évaporateur, masculine
evêché, masculine
éveil, masculine
événementiel, masculine
évent, masculine
éventaire, masculine
éventrement, masculine
éventreur, masculine
évergète, masculine
evg, masculine
évincement, masculine
évitement, masculine
évocateur, masculine
évolué, masculine
évry, masculine
éwé, masculine
ewok, masculine
exacteur, masculine
exagérateur, masculine
exakatal, masculine
exam, masculine
exanthème, masculine
exaoctet, masculine
exarchat, masculine
exarque, masculine
exaucement, masculine
exbioctet, masculine
excimère, masculine
excipient, masculine
exciton, masculine
exclusivisme, masculine
excrétat, masculine
exécutant, masculine
exécuteur, masculine
exempt, masculine
exergue, masculine
exhaussement, masculine
exhausteur, masculine
exhibitionisme, masculine
exilé, masculine
exo, masculine
exocarpe, masculine
exocet, masculine
exocol, masculine
exon, masculine
exonyme, masculine
exorciseur, masculine
exorde, masculine
expansionnisme, masculine
explicateur, masculine
explicit, masculine
expliqueur, masculine
exploiteur, masculine
exploseur, masculine
express, masculine
expropriateur, masculine
exsudat, masculine
extenseur, masculine
extensomètre, masculine
extérieur, masculine
exterminateur, masculine
externat, masculine
extérocepteur, masculine
extirpateur, masculine
extorqueur, masculine
extracteur, masculine
extrasystole, masculine
extrémaduran, masculine
extremum, masculine
extrémum, masculine
exutoire, masculine
eyalet, masculine
éyalet, masculine
eyra, masculine
ézéchias, masculine
ézéchiel, masculine
fabliau, masculine
fablier, masculine
fabricateur, masculine
fabulateur, masculine
homogénéisation, feminine
homogénéité, feminine
homographie, feminine
homogreffe, feminine
homologation, feminine
homologie, feminine
homoparentalité, feminine
homoplasie, feminine
homopolymérisation, feminine
homoscédasticité, feminine
homosexuelle, feminine
homosociabilité, feminine
homosocialité, feminine
homothétie, feminine
homotopicité, feminine
homotopie, feminine
homozygose, feminine
hondurienne, feminine
honfleur, feminine
hongkongaise, feminine
honorabilité, feminine
hopéine, feminine
hordeine, feminine
horeca, feminine
horicycle, feminine
horizontale, feminine
horlogerie, feminine
hormonothérapie, feminine
hornblende, feminine
hornette, feminine
horographie, feminine
horologie, feminine
horométrie, feminine
hosokawa, masculine
hospitaliation, feminine
hostellerie, feminine
hostesse, feminine
hôtelière, feminine
hôtellerie, feminine
hotline, feminine
hottée, feminine
houache, feminine
houaiche, feminine
houblonnière, feminine
houillère, feminine
houka, feminine
houlque, feminine
houppe, feminine
houppelande, feminine
houppette, feminine
hourmagnou, masculine
hourmilougué, masculine
hourminougué, masculine
house, feminine
housse, feminine
huaille, feminine
hubnérite, feminine
hübnérite, feminine
huche, feminine
huchée, feminine
huebnérite, feminine
huée, feminine
huelgoat, feminine
hughes, masculine
huilerie, feminine
huilière, feminine
huisne, feminine
huisserie, feminine
huissière, feminine
huitaine, feminine
huîtrière, feminine
hull, feminine
hulloise, feminine
hulotte, feminine
huma, feminine
humanisation, feminine
humidification, feminine
humification, feminine
humine, feminine
humoresque, feminine
humuline, feminine
hune, feminine
huntingtine, feminine
huque, feminine
hurdleuse, feminine
hure, feminine
hurleuse, feminine
huronne, feminine
huttière, feminine
huynh, masculine
hyacinthe, masculine
hyades, feminine
hyalite, feminine
hyalographie, feminine
hyaloïde, masculine
hybridation, feminine
hybridité, feminine
hybris, feminine
hydarthrose, feminine
hydatide, feminine
hydraulicienne, feminine
hydraviation, feminine
hydrazine, feminine
hydrémie, feminine
hydrie, feminine
hydroaccumulation, feminine
hydrobase, feminine
hydrocharidacée, feminine
hydrochimie, feminine
hydrochorie, feminine
hydrocodone, feminine
hydrocortisone, feminine
hydrocotyle, feminine
hydrocraqueur, feminine
hydrocution, feminine
fabulisme, masculine
fachisme, masculine
faciès, masculine
facilitateur, masculine
façonnage, masculine
facsimilé, masculine
factage, masculine
factieux, masculine
factionnaire, masculine
factitif, masculine
facturier, masculine
fafiot, masculine
fagot, masculine
faiblard, masculine
faict, masculine
faïencier, masculine
faignant, masculine
faillibilisme, masculine
faiseur, masculine
faîtage, masculine
faîteau, masculine
faitout, masculine
fakirisme, masculine
fal, masculine
falafel, masculine
falanouk, masculine
falbala, masculine
falconidé, masculine
falconiforme, masculine
faldistoire, masculine
falerne, masculine
falisque, masculine
falklandais, masculine
falun, masculine
falzar, masculine
familistère, masculine
fanage, masculine
fandango, masculine
fandangue, masculine
faneur, masculine
fanon, masculine
fanorona, masculine
fantascope, masculine
fantasmascope, masculine
fantômas, masculine
fantosme, masculine
fanum, masculine
fanzine, masculine
faon, masculine
faquin, masculine
faquir, masculine
far, masculine
farad, masculine
faraday, masculine
farcin, masculine
fard, masculine
fardier, masculine
farfadet, masculine
farinier, masculine
farnésol, masculine
farniente, masculine
fart, masculine
fascicule, masculine
fassett, masculine
fatbike, masculine
fathallah, masculine
fatiste, masculine
fatras, masculine
fattouch, masculine
faubert, masculine
fauchage, masculine
fauchard, masculine
faucheux, masculine
fauchon, masculine
fauconneau, masculine
fauconnier, masculine
faufil, masculine
faufilage, masculine
faulx, masculine
fauteur, masculine
fauve, masculine
favoris, masculine
favoritisme, masculine
favus, masculine
fax, masculine
fayard, masculine
fayçal, masculine
fayencier, masculine
hydrodésulfuration, feminine
hydrodynamicienne, feminine
hydroécologie, feminine
hydrofluoration, feminine
hydrofracturation, feminine
hydrogamie, feminine
hydrogénase, feminine
hydrogéophysique, feminine
hydrokryptoacétylène, feminine
hydrolase, feminine
hydrolite, feminine
hydrolithe, feminine
hydromancie, feminine
hydrométallurgie, feminine
hydromorphie, feminine
hydronéphrose, feminine
hydronymie, feminine
hydrophilie, feminine
hydrophtalmie, feminine
hydropisie, feminine
hydroponie, feminine
hydrotaxie, feminine
hydroxocobalamine, feminine
hydroxyacétone, feminine
hygrométrie, feminine
hygrophyte, feminine
hygroscopie, feminine
hyménographie, feminine
hymnographie, feminine
hymnologie, feminine
hypallage, masculine
hypatie, feminine
hyperacousie, feminine
hyperalgie, feminine
hyperandrogénie, feminine
hyperazotémie, feminine
hyperbate, feminine
hypercalcémie, feminine
hypercapnie, feminine
hyperchlorhydrie, feminine
hypercholie, feminine
hyperchromie, feminine
hypercoagulabilité, feminine
hypercomplexité, feminine
hyperconcentration, feminine
hyperconjugaison, feminine
hypercorde, feminine
hypercorrection, feminine
hypercrinie, feminine
hyperdulie, feminine
hyperémie, feminine
hyperémotivité, feminine
hyperesthésie, feminine
hyperexcitabilité, feminine
hyperfréquence, feminine
hypergenèse, feminine
hyperglycinémie, feminine
hyperkaliémie, feminine
hyperkératose, feminine
hyperlipidémie, feminine
hypermagnésémie, feminine
hypermédia, feminine
hypermnésie, feminine
hypernatrémie, feminine
hyperphénylalaninémie, feminine
hyperphosphatémie, feminine
hyperplasie, feminine
hyperpuissance, feminine
hypersécrétion, feminine
hyperspécialisation, feminine
hypersphère, feminine
hypersustentation, feminine
hypertélie, feminine
hypertonie, feminine
hypertrichose, feminine
hypertriglycéridémie, feminine
hypervitaminémie, feminine
hypervitesse, feminine
hyphe, feminine
hypnologie, feminine
hypnothérapie, feminine
hypoandrogénie, feminine
hypocapnie, feminine
hypochlorhydrie, feminine
hypochondrie, feminine
hypochromie, feminine
hypocondriasie, feminine
hypodermose, feminine
hypoglobulie, feminine
hypokaliémie, feminine
hypolactasie, feminine
hypoleucocytose, feminine
hypolipémie, feminine
hypomagnésémie, feminine
hypoparathyroïdie, feminine
hypophosphatémie, feminine
hyposécrétion, feminine
hyposensibilité, feminine
hypostase, feminine
hypotaupe, feminine
hypotension, feminine
hypothermie, feminine
hypotonie, feminine
hypotrophie, feminine
hypovitaminose, feminine
hypovolémie, feminine
hystérèse, feminine
hystérographie, feminine
ia, feminine
ibéride, feminine
ibérie, feminine
icaridine, feminine
ichnologie, feminine
ichthyochorie, feminine
ichthyologie, feminine
ichtyocolle, feminine
ichtyophagie, feminine
ichtyose, feminine
ichtyotoxine, feminine
icone, feminine
fayot, masculine
fbi, masculine
fdp, masculine
fébrifuge, masculine
féca, masculine
fécalome, masculine
fécial, masculine
fécondateur, masculine
féculent, masculine
fedayin, masculine
fédérateur, masculine
feedback, masculine
feeling, masculine
feignant, masculine
feinteur, masculine
feldiègre, masculine
feldspath, masculine
feldspathoïde, masculine
feldwebel, masculine
fêlé, masculine
félibre, masculine
félibrige, masculine
félidé, masculine
fellaga, masculine
fellagha, masculine
fellateur, masculine
féloche, masculine
félon, masculine
femboy, masculine
féminazi, masculine
féminin, masculine
femtokatal, masculine
fendeur, masculine
fendoir, masculine
fenestron, masculine
fentanyl, masculine
fenton, masculine
ferblantier, masculine
fermail, masculine
fermenteur, masculine
fermi, masculine
fermoir, masculine
féron, masculine
ferrage, masculine
ferraillage, masculine
ferrailleur, masculine
ferrane, masculine
ferrate, masculine
ferret, masculine
ferricyanure, masculine
ferrier, masculine
ferrimagnétisme, masculine
ferrite, masculine
ferrocène, masculine
ferrocérium, masculine
ferrochrome, masculine
ferrocyane, masculine
ferrocyanure, masculine
ferrofluide, masculine
ferromagnétisme, masculine
ferromolybdène, masculine
ferron, masculine
ferronickel, masculine
ferronnier, masculine
ferroprussiate, masculine
ferrosilicium, masculine
ferrotype, masculine
ferroutage, masculine
féru, masculine
fessé, masculine
fessebouc, masculine
fessecul, masculine
fessier, masculine
festivalier, masculine
feston, masculine
festoyeur, masculine
fétial, masculine
féticide, masculine
fétu, masculine
feuh, masculine
feuillant, masculine
feuillard, masculine
feuilleret, masculine
feuilletage, masculine
feuilleté, masculine
feuilleteur, masculine
feulement, masculine
feurre, masculine
feutrage, masculine
févier, masculine
fiacre, masculine
fiak, masculine
fiasco, masculine
fibrage, masculine
fibrocartilage, masculine
fibrociment, masculine
fibrosarcome, masculine
fibroscope, masculine
ficaire, masculine
ficelage, masculine
fichage, masculine
fichu, masculine
fidéicommis, masculine
fiduciant, masculine
fieu, masculine
fiévreux, masculine
iconoclastie, feminine
iconolâtrie, feminine
iconologie, feminine
iconostase, feminine
iconothèque, feminine
idéalisation, feminine
idéolangue, feminine
idh, feminine
idiocratie, feminine
idiographie, feminine
idiote, feminine
idiotie, feminine
idonéité, feminine
idumée, feminine
ignifugation, feminine
ignipuncture, feminine
ignition, feminine
ignivome, masculine
iléite, feminine
ilicine, feminine
ille, feminine
illégitimité, feminine
illettrée, feminine
illisibilité, feminine
illite, feminine
illuminatrice, feminine
illyrie, feminine
ilménite, feminine
ilotière, feminine
îlotière, feminine
imagerie, feminine
imagière, feminine
imbécilité, feminine
imbécillité, feminine
imbrication, feminine
imc, feminine
imipramine, feminine
immaturation, feminine
immédiateté, feminine
immensité, feminine
immersion, feminine
immo, feminine
immobilité, feminine
immodération, feminine
immodestie, feminine
immondice, feminine
immondices, feminine
immortalisation, feminine
immortelle, feminine
immuabilité, feminine
immunisation, feminine
immunochimie, feminine
immunocompétence, feminine
immunocytochimie, feminine
immunodéficience, feminine
immunofluorescence, feminine
immunonéphélométrie, feminine
immunosénescence, feminine
immunoturbidimétrie, feminine
immutabilité, feminine
impaludation, feminine
imparité, feminine
impassibilité, feminine
impatiente, feminine
impeccabilité, feminine
impénétrabilité, feminine
impénitence, feminine
impératoire, feminine
imperceptibilité, feminine
imperdable, feminine
imperia, feminine
impériale, feminine
impéritie, feminine
impermanence, feminine
imperméabilisation, feminine
imperméabilité, feminine
impersonnalité, feminine
figeage, masculine
figement, masculine
fignolage, masculine
figurisme, masculine
filage, masculine
filament, masculine
filateur, masculine
filé, masculine
filetage, masculine
filetier, masculine
fileur, masculine
filin, masculine
filmage, masculine
filoir, masculine
filopode, masculine
filsâtre, masculine
filtrage, masculine
filtrat, masculine
financeur, masculine
finasseur, masculine
finassier, masculine
fini, masculine
finissage, masculine
finissant, masculine
finissement, masculine
finisseur, masculine
finistère, masculine
finistérien, masculine
finitisme, masculine
fiodor, masculine
fion, masculine
fiord, masculine
fioul, masculine
firman, masculine
firmware, masculine
fisicien, masculine
fiston, masculine
fitness, masculine
fix, masculine
fixage, masculine
fixisme, masculine
fjeld, masculine
flafla, masculine
flagellantisme, masculine
flagellateur, masculine
flagellé, masculine
flagellum, masculine
flageolement, masculine
flagorneur, masculine
flambage, masculine
flambeur, masculine
flamboyant, masculine
flamenco, masculine
flamine, masculine
flamingant, masculine
flamingantisme, masculine
flan, masculine
flanchet, masculine
flandricisme, masculine
flandrien, masculine
flanker, masculine
flaperon, masculine
flash, masculine
flavanthrène, masculine
fléchage, masculine
fléchissement, masculine
fléchisseur, masculine
flegmon, masculine
flemmard, masculine
flérovium, masculine
flétrissement, masculine
fleurage, masculine
fleurdelisé, masculine
fleurdelysé, masculine
fleuret, masculine
fleurettiste, masculine
fleurie, masculine
fleurissement, masculine
fleuron, masculine
flevoland, masculine
flibustier, masculine
flicage, masculine
flingot, masculine
flingue, masculine
flingueur, masculine
flint, masculine
flip, masculine
flipper, masculine
flirteur, masculine
fln, masculine
flnc, masculine
flo, masculine
impesanteur, feminine
impétrante, feminine
impétration, feminine
impiété, feminine
implacabilité, feminine
implantation, feminine
implantologie, feminine
implémentation, feminine
imploration, feminine
implosion, feminine
impondérabilité, feminine
impopularité, feminine
importatrice, feminine
importunité, feminine
imposte, feminine
imposture, feminine
impraticabilité, feminine
imprécation, feminine
imprécratrice, feminine
imprégnation, feminine
impréparation, feminine
imprescriptibilité, feminine
impressionnabilité, feminine
imprévision, feminine
imprimabilité, feminine
imprimeuse, feminine
impro, feminine
improbabilité, feminine
improbation, feminine
improbité, feminine
impropriété, feminine
improvisation, feminine
improvisatrice, feminine
impudence, feminine
impudicité, feminine
impuissance, feminine
impulsivité, feminine
imputation, feminine
inacceptabilité, feminine
inacceptation, feminine
inaccessibilité, feminine
inaction, feminine
inactualité, feminine
inadaptation, feminine
inadéquation, feminine
inadmissibilité, feminine
inaliénabilité, feminine
inaltérabilité, feminine
inamovibilité, feminine
inanité, feminine
inanition, feminine
inappétence, feminine
inapplicabilité, feminine
inaptitude, feminine
inarticulation, feminine
incandescence, feminine
incantatrice, feminine
incarcération, feminine
incardination, feminine
incélébrité, feminine
incessibilité, feminine
incidence, feminine
incinération, feminine
incirconcision, feminine
incise, feminine
incisive, feminine
incisure, feminine
incitatrice, feminine
incivilité, feminine
inclémence, feminine
inclination, feminine
inclusion, feminine
incoercibilité, feminine
incommensurabilité, feminine
incommunicabilité, feminine
incommutabilité, feminine
incompréhensibilité, feminine
incompréhension, feminine
incompressibilité, feminine
inconducteur, feminine
inconduite, feminine
inconformité, feminine
incongruence, feminine
incongruité, feminine
inconséquence, feminine
inconsistance, feminine
inconstance, feminine
inconstitutionnalité, feminine
incontestabilité, feminine
inconvenance, feminine
incoordination, feminine
incorruptibilité, feminine
incrédibilité, feminine
incrimination, feminine
incrustation, feminine
incubation, feminine
inculcation, feminine
inculture, feminine
incurvation, feminine
incuse, feminine
indécelabilité, feminine
indécence, feminine
indécidabilité, feminine
indécision, feminine
indéfectibilité, feminine
indéformabilité, feminine
indélébilité, feminine
indélicatesse, feminine
indémontrabilité, feminine
indénombrabilité, feminine
indentation, feminine
indes, feminine
indestructibilité, feminine
indétermination, feminine
indianisation, feminine
indianité, feminine
indianologie, feminine
indicanurie, feminine
indicibilité, feminine
indiction, feminine
indienne, feminine
indifférenciation, feminine
indigestibilité, feminine
indigocarmine, feminine
indigotine, feminine
flonflon, masculine
flop, masculine
floriculteur, masculine
floridien, masculine
flottage, masculine
flottement, masculine
flous, masculine
flouse, masculine
flouze, masculine
flow, masculine
flq, masculine
flu, masculine
fluage, masculine
fluate, masculine
fluoborure, masculine
fluoranthène, masculine
fluorate, masculine
fluorène, masculine
fluorénone, masculine
fluorhydrate, masculine
fluorohydrure, masculine
fluoropolymère, masculine
flush, masculine
flûteur, masculine
fluviomètre, masculine
fluxage, masculine
fluxion, masculine
fluxmètre, masculine
flyer, masculine
fmi, masculine
foc, masculine
fodmap, masculine
fœhn, masculine
foirail, masculine
foisonnement, masculine
foldoscope, masculine
folk, masculine
follet, masculine
follicule, masculine
follower, masculine
fon, masculine
fonceur, masculine
foncteur, masculine
fonctionnalisme, masculine
fonctionnariat, masculine
fondamental, masculine
fondant, masculine
fondeur, masculine
fondoir, masculine
fondouk, masculine
fondu, masculine
fongicide, masculine
fongus, masculine
fonio, masculine
fons, masculine
fontainier, masculine
fontanès, masculine
fonts, masculine
foodtruck, masculine
footballène, masculine
footeux, masculine
for, masculine
forage, masculine
forain, masculine
foraminifère, masculine
forçat, masculine
forcement, masculine
forceps, masculine
forceur, masculine
fordisme, masculine
foreur, masculine
forgeage, masculine
forgeur, masculine
formage, masculine
formaldéhyde, masculine
format, masculine
formatage, masculine
formène, masculine
formeret, masculine
formica, masculine
formol, masculine
formyle, masculine
formylium, masculine
fornicateur, masculine
forsythia, masculine
fortran, masculine
forum, masculine
fouettement, masculine
fouetteur, masculine
foufou, masculine
fouilleur, masculine
indine, feminine
indiscernabilité, feminine
indiscipline, feminine
indisponibilité, feminine
indissolubilité, feminine
indistinguabilité, feminine
individualisation, feminine
individuation, feminine
indivision, feminine
indochinoise, feminine
indre, feminine
inductance, feminine
induline, feminine
induration, feminine
indusie, feminine
inefficience, feminine
inélasticité, feminine
inélégance, feminine
inéligibilité, feminine
ineptie, feminine
inéquation, feminine
inexactitude, feminine
inexécution, feminine
inexpérience, feminine
inexpressivité, feminine
inexpugnablé, feminine
inextricabilité, feminine
infaillibilité, feminine
infamie, feminine
infâmie, feminine
infantilisation, feminine
infatuation, feminine
infécondité, feminine
infectiologie, feminine
infectologie, feminine
inféodation, feminine
inférence, feminine
infertilité, feminine
infestation, feminine
infibulation, feminine
infiltratrice, feminine
infinitésime, feminine
infinitive, feminine
infinitude, feminine
infirmation, feminine
inflammabilité, feminine
inflexibilité, feminine
influençabilité, feminine
influenceuse, feminine
info, feminine
infobulle, feminine
infogérance, feminine
infographie, feminine
infoguerre, feminine
infonuagique, feminine
informaticienne, feminine
infortunée, feminine
infox, feminine
infrabasse, feminine
infraclasse, feminine
infrangiblité, feminine
infrutescence, feminine
infule, feminine
infusette, feminine
inga, feminine
ingénérosité, feminine
ingéniosité, feminine
ingurgitation, feminine
ingushetie, feminine
inhabilité, feminine
inhérence, feminine
inhibition, feminine
inhumanité, feminine
inhumation, feminine
iniatrice, feminine
inimitabilité, feminine
initiale, feminine
initialisation, feminine
initiative, feminine
injurologie, feminine
innavigable, feminine
innéité, feminine
innervation, feminine
innovatrice, feminine
inobservation, feminine
inoccupation, feminine
inoculabilité, feminine
inoculation, feminine
inopportunité, feminine
inopposabilité, feminine
inorganisation, feminine
inquisition, feminine
insalivation, feminine
insalubrité, feminine
insanité, feminine
insatiabilité, feminine
insaturation, feminine
inscriptrice, feminine
inscrivante, feminine
inséparabilité, feminine
insertion, feminine
insipidité, feminine
insistance, feminine
insoleuse, feminine
insolubilité, feminine
fouinard, masculine
fouineur, masculine
foulage, masculine
fouleur, masculine
fouloir, masculine
foulon, masculine
foulques, masculine
foundouk, masculine
fouras, masculine
fourbi, masculine
fourbisseur, masculine
fourgat, masculine
fourgon, masculine
fourgue, masculine
fouriérisme, masculine
fourloureur, masculine
fourmilion, masculine
fourmillement, masculine
fournier, masculine
fournil, masculine
fourniment, masculine
fourré, masculine
fourrier, masculine
foutage, masculine
fouteur, masculine
foutoir, masculine
foutriquet, masculine
foyard, masculine
fqih, masculine
frac, masculine
fracas, masculine
fracassement, masculine
fractal, masculine
fractale, masculine
fractionnement, masculine
fractionnisme, masculine
fragon, masculine
frai, masculine
fraîchin, masculine
fraisage, masculine
fraiseur, masculine
fraisil, masculine
fraké, masculine
françate, masculine
francazal, masculine
francfortois, masculine
franchiseur, masculine
franchisme, masculine
francien, masculine
francilien, masculine
francique, masculine
francitan, masculine
franckisme, masculine
francolin, masculine
franconien, masculine
francoprovençal, masculine
frangipanier, masculine
franglais, masculine
frankisme, masculine
franquisme, masculine
fransaskois, masculine
frapadingue, masculine
frappé, masculine
frappeur, masculine
frappuccino, masculine
frarâtre, masculine
frasage, masculine
fraudeur, masculine
frédérick, masculine
fredonneur, masculine
freesia, masculine
freestyle, masculine
freezer, masculine
frégoses, masculine
fregozes, masculine
freineur, masculine
frelimo, masculine
freluquet, masculine
frémont, masculine
frénateur, masculine
fréon, masculine
fréquencemètre, masculine
fréquentatif, masculine
frèrâtre, masculine
frérot, masculine
frésillon, masculine
fret, masculine
fréteur, masculine
frétillement, masculine
fretin, masculine
freudisme, masculine
freux, masculine
friand, masculine
fricandeau, masculine
frichti, masculine
fricot, masculine
fricoteur, masculine
frifri, masculine
frigidarium, masculine
insonorisation, feminine
insonorité, feminine
insouciance, feminine
inspectrice, feminine
installatrice, feminine
instance, feminine
instanciation, feminine
instantanéité, feminine
instauratrice, feminine
instigation, feminine
instigatrice, feminine
instillation, feminine
instinctivité, feminine
institutionnalisation, feminine
instructrice, feminine
instrumentalisation, feminine
instrumentation, feminine
insubmersibilité, feminine
insubordination, feminine
insufflation, feminine
insularité, feminine
insulinase, feminine
insulinde, feminine
insulinothérapie, feminine
insulteuse, feminine
intactilité, feminine
intangibilité, feminine
intégrabilité, feminine
intégrande, feminine
intégratrice, feminine
intellectualité, feminine
intelligentsia, feminine
intelligibilité, feminine
intempérance, feminine
intempérie, feminine
intempestivité, feminine
intendance, feminine
intendante, feminine
intensification, feminine
intentionnalité, feminine
interactivité, feminine
intercalation, feminine
interception, feminine
interceptrice, feminine
intercesseuse, feminine
intercessrice, feminine
interchangeabilité, feminine
intercommunalité, feminine
intercommunication, feminine
intercompréhension, feminine
interconnexion, feminine
intéressée, feminine
interfertilité, feminine
intériorisation, feminine
intériorité, feminine
interligne, masculine
interlingue, feminine
interlocutrice, feminine
intermodalité, feminine
intermunicipalité, feminine
internalisation, feminine
internationale, feminine
internationalisation, feminine
intéroceptivité, feminine
interopérabilité, feminine
interpellation, feminine
interpellatrice, feminine
interpénétration, feminine
interphase, feminine
interpolatrice, feminine
interprofession, feminine
interpsychologie, feminine
interrelation, feminine
interro, feminine
interrogatrice, feminine
interroi, feminine
interruptrice, feminine
intersaison, feminine
intersession, feminine
intertextualité, feminine
interversion, feminine
intervieweuse, feminine
intestate, feminine
intifada, feminine
intimine, feminine
intox, feminine
intransigeance, feminine
intransitivité, feminine
intraveineuse, feminine
intrication, feminine
intro, feminine
introductrice, feminine
intromission, feminine
intronisation, feminine
intubation, feminine
intussusception, feminine
inuite, feminine
inutilité, feminine
invagination, feminine
invalidation, feminine
invariabilité, feminine
invariance, feminine
inventivité, feminine
inventrice, feminine
inversion, feminine
frigoporteur, masculine
frimas, masculine
frimeur, masculine
fringillidé, masculine
fripier, masculine
fripon, masculine
frisbee, masculine
friselis, masculine
friseur, masculine
frisotis, masculine
frisottis, masculine
frissonnement, masculine
frittage, masculine
fritz, masculine
froc, masculine
frôlement, masculine
frôleur, masculine
fromagier, masculine
fronsac, masculine
frontalier, masculine
fronteau, masculine
frontispice, masculine
frottage, masculine
frotteur, masculine
frotteurisme, masculine
frottis, masculine
frottoir, masculine
froufrou, masculine
froumi, masculine
fructane, masculine
frugivore, masculine
fruict, masculine
fruiticulteur, masculine
fruitier, masculine
ftour, masculine
fucoïdane, masculine
fuégien, masculine
fugueur, masculine
führer, masculine
fulani, masculine
full, masculine
fullerène, masculine
fulminate, masculine
fumage, masculine
fumana, masculine
fumet, masculine
fumiciel, masculine
fumigateur, masculine
fumigène, masculine
fumivore, masculine
funambulisme, masculine
funcinpec, masculine
funérarium, masculine
fungarium, masculine
fungus, masculine
funicule, masculine
fur, masculine
furane, masculine
furanéol, masculine
fureteur, masculine
furfural, masculine
furigana, masculine
fusain, masculine
fuselier, masculine
fusement, masculine
fustanelle, masculine
fustel, masculine
fustigateur, masculine
fût, masculine
futal, masculine
futsal, masculine
ga, masculine
gab, masculine
gabar, masculine
gabaret, masculine
gabari, masculine
gabariage, masculine
gabarieur, masculine
gabbro, masculine
gabelage, masculine
gabier, masculine
gabion, masculine
gâble, masculine
gabonais, masculine
gâcheur, masculine
gade, masculine
gadget, masculine
gadidé, masculine
gadin, masculine
gadjo, masculine
gadolinate, masculine
gadouard, masculine
gaélique, masculine
gâfe, masculine
gaffeur, masculine
gag, masculine
gagman, masculine
gagneur, masculine
gaïac, masculine
gaïacol, masculine
gaillac, masculine
gaillacois, masculine
gaillet, masculine
gaïme, masculine
invertine, feminine
investigation, feminine
investigatrice, feminine
investisseuse, feminine
investiture, feminine
invincibilité, feminine
inviolabilité, feminine
inviteuse, feminine
invocatrice, feminine
invraisemblance, feminine
invulnérabilité, feminine
iodométrie, feminine
iodophilie, feminine
ionène, feminine
ionothérapie, feminine
ipe, feminine
ipomée, feminine
ips, feminine
ipséité, feminine
irana, feminine
iraqienne, feminine
iraquienne, feminine
irascibilité, feminine
ircc, feminine
irénarchie, feminine
iridacée, feminine
iridectomie, feminine
iridine, feminine
iridologie, feminine
irisation, feminine
irma, feminine
irone, feminine
iroquoienne, feminine
irrationnalité, feminine
irréalité, feminine
irrecevabilité, feminine
irréductibilité, feminine
irréflexion, feminine
irréfragabilité, feminine
irréfutabilité, feminine
irremplissabilité, feminine
irrésistibilité, feminine
irrésolution, feminine
irrévérence, feminine
irréversibilité, feminine
irrumation, feminine
isa, masculine
isabeau, masculine
isallobare, feminine
isapostolicité, feminine
isapôtresse, feminine
isère, feminine
isernia, feminine
islamologie, feminine
isle, feminine
ismaélienne, feminine
isobathe, feminine
isochore, feminine
isocline, feminine
isodensité, feminine
isodynamie, feminine
isoflavone, feminine
isoglosse, feminine
isogone, feminine
isohypse, feminine
isoleucine, feminine
isomérase, feminine
isomérie, feminine
isomérisation, feminine
isométrie, feminine
isomorphie, feminine
isoniazide, feminine
isonomie, feminine
isoscédasticité, feminine
isoséiste, feminine
isostasie, feminine
isothermie, feminine
isotonie, feminine
isotopie, feminine
isotropie, feminine
israëlienne, feminine
italianisation, feminine
italianité, feminine
italophobie, feminine
itchkérie, feminine
itération, feminine
itéroparité, feminine
iturée, feminine
ivanie, feminine
ivg, feminine
ivoirerie, feminine
ivoirienne, feminine
ivoirière, feminine
ivoirité, feminine
ivraie, feminine
ivrognesse, feminine
ixia, feminine
ixie, feminine
jaboteuse, feminine
jabotière, feminine
jac, feminine
jacasserie, feminine
jacasseuse, feminine
jacée, feminine
jachère, feminine
jachimovite, feminine
jackette, feminine
jacobée, feminine
jacobienne, feminine
jacotte, feminine
jacoumarde, feminine
jacquart, feminine
jacquère, feminine
jacquerette, feminine
jacquerie, feminine
jactance, feminine
jadéite, feminine
jaille, feminine
jaïne, feminine
jaja, masculine
jalabert, masculine
jalapine, feminine
jalonneuse, feminine
jambette, feminine
jambière, feminine
jambose, feminine
jangada, feminine
jankélévitch, masculine
janzé, feminine
gainage, masculine
gajan, masculine
gal, masculine
galactagogue, masculine
galactomètre, masculine
galactose, masculine
galago, masculine
galantin, masculine
galapiat, masculine
galate, masculine
galates, masculine
galbanum, masculine
galbe, masculine
galéace, masculine
galénisme, masculine
galéopithèque, masculine
galetas, masculine
galgal, masculine
galiléen, masculine
galion, masculine
galipot, masculine
gallican, masculine
gallicanisme, masculine
gallichan, masculine
gallo, masculine
gallodrome, masculine
gallup, masculine
gallurais, masculine
galonnier, masculine
galop, masculine
galopeur, masculine
galuchat, masculine
galurin, masculine
galvaniseur, masculine
galvanisme, masculine
galvanocautère, masculine
galvanomagnétisme, masculine
galvanoscope, masculine
galvanotropisme, masculine
galvaudage, masculine
gamahucheur, masculine
gamay, masculine
gambien, masculine
gambier, masculine
gambison, masculine
gamelan, masculine
gamer, masculine
gamet, masculine
gammare, masculine
gamos, masculine
ganadero, masculine
gand, masculine
gandhisme, masculine
gandiolle, masculine
gandois, masculine
ganelon, masculine
gang, masculine
gangan, masculine
gangster, masculine
gangstérisme, masculine
gangui, masculine
gantelet, masculine
gantier, masculine
ganymède, masculine
gaoulé, masculine
gap, masculine
garçonnet, masculine
gard, masculine
gardénal, masculine
gardénia, masculine
gardeur, masculine
gardian, masculine
gardiateur, masculine
garennier, masculine
gargot, masculine
gargotier, masculine
gargouillis, masculine
garnissage, masculine
garnisseur, masculine
garofier, masculine
garou, masculine
garrottage, masculine
gasconisme, masculine
gasconnisme, masculine
gasoil, masculine
gaspareau, masculine
gasparot, masculine
gaspereau, masculine
gaspi, masculine
gaspilleur, masculine
gastéropode, masculine
gastrinome, masculine
gastropode, masculine
gastroscope, masculine
jaouad, masculine
japanimation, feminine
japonaiserie, feminine
jaque, masculine
jardinerie, feminine
jardinière, feminine
jarnac, feminine
jarosse, feminine
jarretelle, feminine
jaserie, feminine
jaseuse, feminine
jasione, feminine
jaspure, feminine
jatropha, masculine
jaube, feminine
jauge, feminine
jaumière, feminine
jaunisse, feminine
javeline, feminine
javelle, feminine
javellisation, feminine
jeanine, feminine
jehanne, feminine
jérémiade, feminine
jéricho, feminine
jersiaise, feminine
jeteuse, feminine
jeûneuse, feminine
jézabel, feminine
joaillère, feminine
joaillière, feminine
jobier, masculine
joggeuse, feminine
johannite, feminine
joigny, feminine
joke, feminine
joliesse, feminine
joliette, feminine
jomard, masculine
jonchaie, feminine
jonction, feminine
jongleuse, feminine
joppé, feminine
jordanisation, feminine
jorre, masculine
josiane, feminine
jouan, masculine
jouisseuse, feminine
jouly, masculine
journalière, feminine
joute, feminine
jouteuse, feminine
jouvence, feminine
jouvencelle, feminine
jovialité, feminine
joyeuses, feminine
joyeuseté, feminine
jubarte, feminine
jubilation, feminine
judaïcité, feminine
judaïté, feminine
judéenne, feminine
judéité, feminine
judéophobie, feminine
judicature, feminine
judiciarisation, feminine
judokate, feminine
jugeote, feminine
juillan, feminine
juive, feminine
juiverie, feminine
juliane, feminine
julianne, feminine
junon, feminine
junquère, feminine
jupière, feminine
jurande, feminine
jurée, feminine
jureuse, feminine
jusquiame, feminine
jussie, feminine
jussiée, feminine
justiciable, masculine
justification, feminine
juvénilité, feminine
juxtaposition, feminine
kabbale, feminine
kaboul, feminine
kabylie, feminine
kacha, feminine
kahba, feminine
kahina, feminine
kaïnite, feminine
gateway, masculine
gatinois, masculine
gâtisme, masculine
gattopardisme, masculine
gau, masculine
gauchisme, masculine
gauchissement, masculine
gaucho, masculine
gaudéric, masculine
gaudérique, masculine
gaufrage, masculine
gaufreur, masculine
gaullisme, masculine
gaur, masculine
gauscisme, masculine
gausseur, masculine
gauthier, masculine
gautier, masculine
gavage, masculine
gavial, masculine
gavroche, masculine
gay, masculine
gayal, masculine
gaylord, masculine
gazage, masculine
gazé, masculine
gazéificateur, masculine
gazéifieur, masculine
gazetier, masculine
gazier, masculine
gazogène, masculine
gazomètre, masculine
gazouillis, masculine
gbaka, masculine
gban, masculine
gdt, masculine
gé, masculine
gédéon, masculine
geignement, masculine
geindre, masculine
gélasime, masculine
gélifiant, masculine
génépi, masculine
généralat, masculine
généralissime, masculine
gênes, masculine
genest, masculine
genêts, masculine
gêneur, masculine
gentillâtre, masculine
gentleman, masculine
géoblocage, masculine
géocodage, masculine
géocoucou, masculine
geoffroy, masculine
géoïde, masculine
géomagnétisme, masculine
geomancien, masculine
géomatériau, masculine
géomys, masculine
géoneutrino, masculine
géopoliticien, masculine
géosystème, masculine
géotaxisme, masculine
géotechnicien, masculine
géotechnique, masculine
géotextile, masculine
géotherme, masculine
géotropisme, masculine
géotrupe, masculine
géranial, masculine
géraniol, masculine
géranyle, masculine
gerbert, masculine
gerbier, masculine
gergovien, masculine
germains, masculine
germanopratin, masculine
germicide, masculine
germinateur, masculine
kainri, masculine
kaki, masculine
kalachnikov, feminine
kalash, feminine
kalashnikov, feminine
kalifa, masculine
kalifat, masculine
kalouga, feminine
kama, feminine
kamouraska, feminine
kandelaft, masculine
kânoun, feminine
kaolinite, feminine
kaouther, feminine
karakoulov, masculine
karin, feminine
karina, feminine
karstologie, feminine
karyne, feminine
karyocinèse, feminine
karyokinèse, feminine
kasbah, feminine
kashrout, feminine
kasra, masculine
kasumi, feminine
katangaise, feminine
katell, feminine
katia, feminine
katmandou, feminine
kayakeuse, feminine
kazabazua, feminine
kazuko, feminine
kébécoise, feminine
keiko, feminine
kéka, masculine
kenpeitai, feminine
kératectomie, feminine
kératinisation, feminine
kératocèle, feminine
kératoconjonctivite, feminine
kératolyse, feminine
kératoscopie, feminine
kératose, feminine
kératotomie, feminine
kérite, feminine
kermésite, feminine
kerria, feminine
kétamine, feminine
ketmie, feminine
kevine, feminine
khâgne, feminine
khamsa, feminine
kheyette, feminine
khôlle, feminine
kiamika, feminine
kichta, feminine
kickboxeuse, feminine
kidnappeuse, feminine
kielbasa, masculine
kiesérite, feminine
kikuko, feminine
kilocalorie, feminine
kilotonne, feminine
kinèse, feminine
kinésithérapie, feminine
kinoise, feminine
kish, feminine
kitsune, masculine
kiyoko, feminine
kiš, feminine
kleptocratie, feminine
klingonne, feminine
kloetzer, masculine
koinè, feminine
koinéisation, feminine
kojima, masculine
kolkhozienne, feminine
kosovare, feminine
koungou, feminine
kourkov, masculine
kovrig, masculine
kowalski, masculine
kpoklé, feminine
krivine, masculine
kumiko, feminine
kuna, masculine
kuniko, feminine
kyllopodie, feminine
kymographie, feminine
kyrielle, feminine
labanotation, feminine
labbe, feminine
labbé, masculine
labelle, feminine
labellisation, feminine
labialisation, feminine
labiaplastie, feminine
labiée, feminine
labilité, feminine
labiodentale, feminine
labioplastie, feminine
laborantine, feminine
labradorienne, feminine
labyrinthite, feminine
laçabilité, feminine
lacan, masculine
lacc, feminine
laccine, feminine
laccolite, feminine
laccolithe, feminine
lacération, feminine
lâcheuse, feminine
lactalbumine, feminine
gers, masculine
gerzeau, masculine
ges, masculine
gésier, masculine
gestaltisme, masculine
getter, masculine
gewurztraminer, masculine
geyser, masculine
ghanéen, masculine
ghazi, masculine
ghiolof, masculine
ghourd, masculine
ghyslain, masculine
giaour, masculine
gibbon, masculine
gibelin, masculine
gibioctet, masculine
gibraltarien, masculine
gibus, masculine
giec, masculine
gigaélectronvolt, masculine
gigaflop, masculine
gigakatal, masculine
gigaoctet, masculine
gign, masculine
gigolo, masculine
gigot, masculine
gilbertin, masculine
giletier, masculine
gillotage, masculine
gilou, masculine
gimmick, masculine
gingeolier, masculine
ginglyme, masculine
ginkgo, masculine
girafon, masculine
girard, masculine
girasol, masculine
giraumon, masculine
girevoy, masculine
girobroyeur, masculine
giron, masculine
girophare, masculine
gisant, masculine
gispet, masculine
giton, masculine
giverny, masculine
givrage, masculine
glaçage, masculine
glamour, masculine
glanage, masculine
glandeur, masculine
glaneur, masculine
glapissement, masculine
glas, masculine
glaucier, masculine
glaucome, masculine
glaviot, masculine
glioblastome, masculine
gliome, masculine
glissando, masculine
glisseur, masculine
globalisme, masculine
globetrotteur, masculine
globish, masculine
globulin, masculine
glockenspiel, masculine
glomérule, masculine
glorieux, masculine
glossateur, masculine
glouglou, masculine
glougloutement, masculine
glouglouteur, masculine
glouteron, masculine
glucane, masculine
glucinium, masculine
glucocorticoïde, masculine
glucosane, masculine
glucoside, masculine
gluino, masculine
gluon, masculine
glutaraldéhyde, masculine
glutathiosélénol, masculine
glycéraldéhyde, masculine
glycérophosphate, masculine
glycérophosphatide, masculine
glycérophospholipide, masculine
glycérose, masculine
glycéryle, masculine
glycogénose, masculine
glycolaldéhyde, masculine
glycolipide, masculine
glyconien, masculine
glycoside, masculine
glycosphingolipide, masculine
glyphe, masculine
glyphosate, masculine
glyptodon, masculine
glyptodonte, masculine
gn, masculine
gnaphale, masculine
gnard, masculine
gnathosome, masculine
gniard, masculine
gnl, masculine
gnocchi, masculine
gnon, masculine
lactescence, feminine
lactine, feminine
lactofermentation, feminine
lactoglobuline, feminine
lactone, feminine
lactosurie, feminine
ladrerie, feminine
lætitia, feminine
lafaille, masculine
lafaye, masculine
lafayette, feminine
laffaye, masculine
lagan, feminine
lagly, masculine
lagonite, feminine
lagos, masculine
lahmacun, feminine
lahmajoon, feminine
lahmajoun, feminine
lahmajun, feminine
laîche, feminine
laie, feminine
laigneau, masculine
laitance, feminine
laite, feminine
lallation, feminine
lamajoon, feminine
lamajoun, feminine
lamajun, feminine
lamarckienne, feminine
lamarque, masculine
lamaserie, feminine
lambada, feminine
lambourde, feminine
lambrusque, feminine
lamellation, feminine
lamelle, feminine
lamia, feminine
lamie, feminine
laminectomie, feminine
lamineuse, feminine
lamotte, feminine
lampadédromie, feminine
lampagia, feminine
lampée, feminine
lampegia, feminine
lampégie, feminine
lampisterie, feminine
lampourde, feminine
lamproie, feminine
lamprophyre, feminine
lanaspeze, masculine
lanaudière, feminine
lancée, feminine
lanceray, masculine
lancette, feminine
lanceuse, feminine
lancination, feminine
landrienne, feminine
landwehr, feminine
langelier, masculine
langoustier, feminine
langoustine, feminine
languette, feminine
lanière, feminine
lannemezan, feminine
lannes, masculine
lanoline, feminine
lansquenet, feminine
lanvollon, feminine
laodicée, feminine
laotienne, feminine
lapalissade, feminine
lapidification, feminine
lapinière, feminine
laque, feminine
larousse, masculine
larronne, feminine
laryngite, feminine
laryngoscopie, feminine
lasagne, feminine
l'ascension, feminine
lascheté, feminine
lascivité, feminine
l'assomption, feminine
latence, feminine
gnouf, masculine
goaffre, masculine
goal, masculine
goalball, masculine
goarima, masculine
gobelin, masculine
gobemouche, masculine
gobetage, masculine
gobeur, masculine
gode, masculine
godelureau, masculine
godemiché, masculine
godet, masculine
godillot, masculine
godmiché, masculine
godron, masculine
goëland, masculine
goémon, masculine
goëmon, masculine
goémonier, masculine
goëmonier, masculine
goézeux, masculine
gogo, masculine
gogol, masculine
gogolplex, masculine
goguettier, masculine
goitre, masculine
goléador, masculine
golfeur, masculine
goliard, masculine
gollé, masculine
golyèdre, masculine
golygone, masculine
gommier, masculine
gommoir, masculine
gommose, masculine
gomor, masculine
gond, masculine
gondi, masculine
gondwana, masculine
gone, masculine
gonfalon, masculine
gonfalonier, masculine
gonfalonnier, masculine
gonfanonier, masculine
gonflage, masculine
gonfleur, masculine
gong, masculine
gongorisme, masculine
goniomètre, masculine
goniométrie, masculine
gonion, masculine
gonochorisme, masculine
gonocoque, masculine
gonocyte, masculine
gonophore, masculine
gonosome, masculine
gonozoïde, masculine
gonze, masculine
googlage, masculine
gopak, masculine
goq, masculine
gord, masculine
gorfou, masculine
gorgerin, masculine
gorgonzola, masculine
gorgoyo, masculine
gospel, masculine
goth, masculine
gotha, masculine
gotique, masculine
goualeur, masculine
gouda, masculine
goudronnage, masculine
goudronneur, masculine
gouet, masculine
gougnafier, masculine
goujat, masculine
goulet, masculine
goulu, masculine
goum, masculine
goumier, masculine
gour, masculine
gourami, masculine
gourbet, masculine
gourbi, masculine
gourgouran, masculine
gourlot, masculine
gourmet, masculine
goussainvillois, masculine
gousset, masculine
gouteur, masculine
goûteur, masculine
gouvernant, masculine
gouvernementalisme, masculine
gouvernment, masculine
gouvernorat, masculine
goyau, masculine
goyavier, masculine
goyot, masculine
gp, masculine
graal, masculine
grabat, masculine
grabon, masculine
grabot, masculine
grabuge, masculine
gracefield, masculine
grade, masculine
gradé, masculine
gradin, masculine
graduateur, masculine
gradus, masculine
graf, masculine
graff, masculine
graffiti, masculine
grainetier, masculine
graineur, masculine
grais, masculine
graminicide, masculine
latéralisation, feminine
latéralité, feminine
latérite, feminine
latéroposition, feminine
latéropulsion, feminine
latéroversion, feminine
latine, feminine
latinité, feminine
latrie, feminine
lattaquié, feminine
laugier, masculine
lauracée, feminine
laurentie, feminine
laurentienne, feminine
lauréole, feminine
lausanne, feminine
lause, feminine
lauze, feminine
lauzier, masculine
lavabilité, feminine
laval, masculine
lavallée, masculine
lavallière, feminine
lavalloise, feminine
lavandière, feminine
lavatère, feminine
laveuse, feminine
lavure, feminine
laxité, feminine
layet, masculine
layette, feminine
lazurite, feminine
lcf, feminine
le, masculine
léa, feminine
lèche, feminine
lèchefrite, feminine
lécheuse, feminine
lécithine, feminine
leclair, masculine
leclerc, masculine
leclert, masculine
leghorn, feminine
légine, feminine
légionelle, feminine
légionellose, feminine
législatrice, feminine
légistique, feminine
legrix, masculine
légumine, feminine
légumineuse, feminine
leïla, feminine
leishmania, feminine
leishmanie, feminine
leishmaniose, feminine
lélia, feminine
lemniscate, feminine
léningrad, feminine
lensoise, feminine
léonaise, feminine
léonora, feminine
léonore, feminine
léontice, feminine
léopoldville, feminine
leparmentier, masculine
lepénisation, feminine
lépidine, feminine
lépidolite, masculine
lépidosirène, feminine
lépiote, feminine
leplâtre, masculine
léprologie, feminine
léprosée, feminine
léproserie, feminine
leptorhinie, feminine
leptospirose, feminine
leroux, masculine
lésine, feminine
lésinerie, feminine
lesquin, feminine
lestang, masculine
letissier, masculine
lettrine, feminine
leucanie, feminine
leucine, feminine
leucite, feminine
leucocidine, feminine
leucocytolyse, feminine
leucodermie, feminine
leucomélanodermie, feminine
leucomyélite, feminine
leuconychie, feminine
leucopénie, feminine
leucoplasie, feminine
leucopoïèse, feminine
leucorrhée, feminine
gramscisme, masculine
grand, masculine
granité, masculine
granivore, masculine
granularité, masculine
granulateur, masculine
granulé, masculine
grapefruit, masculine
graphe, masculine
graphème, masculine
grapheur, masculine
graphisme, masculine
graphitage, masculine
graphomètre, masculine
grappillage, masculine
grappin, masculine
gras, masculine
grasseyement, masculine
graticule, masculine
graton, masculine
grattement, masculine
gratteur, masculine
gratteux, masculine
gratuiciel, masculine
gravats, masculine
graveur, masculine
gravillon, masculine
gravimètre, masculine
graviton, masculine
gravoir, masculine
gravois, masculine
gray, masculine
gré, masculine
grece, masculine
gréement, masculine
green, masculine
greffage, masculine
greffon, masculine
grégarisme, masculine
grège, masculine
grelin, masculine
grêlon, masculine
grémil, masculine
grenache, masculine
grenadage, masculine
grenadien, masculine
grenat, masculine
grenelle, masculine
grenoblois, masculine
grésil, masculine
grésillement, masculine
gressin, masculine
gretzky, masculine
grévillaire, masculine
gribouillage, masculine
gribouilleur, masculine
gribouillis, masculine
grief, masculine
griffoir, masculine
griffonneur, masculine
grignotage, masculine
grignotement, masculine
grignoteur, masculine
grigri, masculine
gril, masculine
grill, masculine
grillot, masculine
grimacier, masculine
grimpereau, masculine
grincement, masculine
gringalet, masculine
gringue, masculine
griot, masculine
griottier, masculine
grippage, masculine
gris, masculine
grisé, masculine
griset, masculine
grison, masculine
grisoumètre, masculine
grizzly, masculine
leude, masculine
leuzée, feminine
levallois, masculine
levantine, feminine
levée, feminine
lévigation, feminine
lévitation, feminine
levrette, feminine
lévy, masculine
lexicologie, feminine
lexicométrie, feminine
lexie, feminine
leygues, masculine
leysse, feminine
lézarde, feminine
lèze, feminine
lfi, feminine
liane, feminine
libation, feminine
libéralité, feminine
libératrice, feminine
libérienne, feminine
libérine, feminine
libyenne, feminine
lice, feminine
licebroque, feminine
liche, feminine
lichénification, feminine
lichtsztejn, masculine
licitation, feminine
licra, feminine
lidocaïne, feminine
liechtensteinoise, feminine
lierne, feminine
liesse, feminine
lieuité, feminine
lieutenance, feminine
lieutenante, feminine
liévin, feminine
liffré, feminine
ligase, feminine
ligie, feminine
ligier, masculine
lignée, feminine
lignine, feminine
ligroïne, feminine
ligua, feminine
ligule, feminine
ligustrine, feminine
liliacée, feminine
lilibelle, feminine
lille, feminine
lilloise, feminine
limaille, feminine
limat, masculine
limbourgeoise, feminine
limette, feminine
limitation, feminine
limitée, feminine
limnimétrie, feminine
limodore, feminine
limoges, feminine
limonadière, feminine
limonette, feminine
limonine, feminine
limonite, feminine
limoselle, feminine
limougeaude, feminine
limours, feminine
limousine, feminine
limoux, feminine
limpidité, feminine
limule, feminine
linaigrette, feminine
linaire, feminine
linarine, feminine
linéarisation, feminine
linéarité, feminine
linéation, feminine
lingère, feminine
lingette, feminine
lingotière, feminine
lingue, feminine
linguet, feminine
liniculture, feminine
linière, feminine
linine, feminine
linoléine, feminine
linotypie, feminine
grog, masculine
grognard, masculine
grogneur, masculine
grogue, masculine
grommellement, masculine
grondin, masculine
groom, masculine
groove, masculine
groschen, masculine
groseillier, masculine
grossissement, masculine
grossium, masculine
grossulaire, masculine
grouillement, masculine
grouillot, masculine
groupuscule, masculine
grouse, masculine
gru, masculine
gruon, masculine
gruppetto, masculine
grurin, masculine
grutier, masculine
gruyère, masculine
gsm, masculine
guanaco, masculine
guangdong, masculine
guano, masculine
guarani, masculine
guatémalien, masculine
gudjérat, masculine
guelfe, masculine
gueltas, masculine
guénin, masculine
guénolé, masculine
guerdon, masculine
guéridon, masculine
guérillero, masculine
guérin, masculine
guernesey, masculine
guernesiais, masculine
guesdisme, masculine
guéthary, masculine
guetteur, masculine
gueulard, masculine
gueulement, masculine
gueuleton, masculine
gueuloir, masculine
gueusard, masculine
guévarisme, masculine
guèze, masculine
gugus, masculine
gugusse, masculine
guichetier, masculine
guidage, masculine
guigner, masculine
guignier, masculine
guignolet, masculine
guignolot, masculine
guignon, masculine
guilhem, masculine
guillage, masculine
guillard, masculine
guillemin, masculine
guillemot, masculine
guillocheur, masculine
guillon, masculine
guindeau, masculine
guinguet, masculine
guion, masculine
guomindang, masculine
guru, masculine
guyanais, masculine
guyon, masculine
guyot, masculine
gwerz, masculine
gymkhana, masculine
gymnasiarque, masculine
gymnosophiste, masculine
gymnosperme, masculine
gymnote, masculine
gynæconome, masculine
gynandromorphisme, masculine
gynécée, masculine
gynécomaste, masculine
gyneconome, masculine
gynéconome, masculine
gynérium, masculine
gyoza, masculine
gyro, masculine
gyromagnétisme, masculine
gyromètre, masculine
gyrophare, masculine
gyropode, masculine
gyros, masculine
gyrostat, masculine
gyrovague, masculine
habaquq, masculine
lipase, feminine
lipémie, feminine
lipoaspiration, feminine
lipofuscine, feminine
lipolyse, feminine
lipoperoxydation, feminine
lipophilie, feminine
lipophobie, feminine
liposuccion, feminine
lipothymie, feminine
lipovitelline, feminine
liquation, feminine
liquéfaction, feminine
liquette, feminine
liquidatrice, feminine
liquidité, feminine
liseuse, feminine
lisibilité, feminine
lisse, feminine
lisseté, feminine
listéria, feminine
listériose, feminine
litharge, feminine
lithiase, feminine
lithine, feminine
lithogenèse, feminine
lithogravure, feminine
lithologie, feminine
lithophanie, feminine
lithostratigraphie, feminine
lithothérapie, feminine
lithotripsie, feminine
lithotypographie, feminine
lithuanie, feminine
lithuanienne, feminine
litière, feminine
litote, feminine
littératie, feminine
littératrice, feminine
littoralisation, feminine
littorine, feminine
livarde, feminine
livèche, feminine
lividité, feminine
livie, feminine
livonie, feminine
livournaise, feminine
livrée, feminine
livreuse, feminine
lixiviation, feminine
lnh, feminine
lobectomie, feminine
lobélie, feminine
lobotomisation, feminine
localisatrice, feminine
locatrice, feminine
locature, feminine
loche, feminine
loco, feminine
locomobile, feminine
locutrice, feminine
loganine, feminine
logeuse, feminine
logicienne, feminine
logisticienne, feminine
logithèque, feminine
logomachie, feminine
logopédie, feminine
loïs, masculine
lolita, feminine
lombalgie, feminine
lombriculture, feminine
lompe, feminine
lône, feminine
longævité, feminine
longanimité, feminine
longuet, masculine
lonsdaléite, feminine
loose, feminine
lope, feminine
lopette, feminine
lopouloff, masculine
lore, feminine
lorette, feminine
loricrine, feminine
lorientaise, feminine
loriol, masculine
lorrainville, feminine
lotharingie, feminine
lotte, feminine
loubet, masculine
louchet, masculine
loucheuse, feminine
habillage, masculine
habilleur, masculine
habitacle, masculine
hâbleur, masculine
habous, masculine
habs, masculine
hachage, masculine
hachem, masculine
hacheur, masculine
hachis, masculine
hachisch, masculine
hackeur, masculine
hacking, masculine
hadès, masculine
hadidou, masculine
hadj, masculine
hadji, masculine
hadopisme, masculine
hadrien, masculine
hadron, masculine
haggis, masculine
haha, masculine
hahnium, masculine
haïk, masculine
haïkaï, masculine
haiku, masculine
haïku, masculine
hainault, masculine
hainaut, masculine
haïsseur, masculine
hajjam, masculine
hakapik, masculine
hakka, masculine
halage, masculine
halbi, masculine
halecret, masculine
halètement, masculine
haleur, masculine
halicte, masculine
haliple, masculine
hallage, masculine
hallali, masculine
hallebardier, masculine
hallier, masculine
halo, masculine
halocarbure, masculine
haloforme, masculine
halogénoalcane, masculine
halogènure, masculine
halogénure, masculine
hâloir, masculine
halopéridol, masculine
halot, masculine
halothane, masculine
halouf, masculine
hameçonnage, masculine
hamlet, masculine
hanafisme, masculine
hanap, masculine
hand, masculine
handibasket, masculine
handicapé, masculine
handicapeur, masculine
handisport, masculine
hanéfisme, masculine
hangeul, masculine
hanout, masculine
hap, masculine
hapax, masculine
hapchot, masculine
haplogroupe, masculine
haplotype, masculine
haptène, masculine
haptonème, masculine
haquet, masculine
harangueur, masculine
haras, masculine
harassement, masculine
hard, masculine
hardeur, masculine
hardware, masculine
harem, masculine
harenguet, masculine
harenguier, masculine
haret, masculine
harfang, masculine
harijan, masculine
harki, masculine
harle, masculine
harmaguédon, masculine
harmattan, masculine
harmonica, masculine
harmonicorde, masculine
harmonium, masculine
harmonographe, masculine
harmoo, masculine
harnachement, masculine
harnacheur, masculine
harnois, masculine
haro, masculine
harpagon, masculine
harpaye, masculine
harponnage, masculine
harponnement, masculine
harraga, masculine
haruspice, masculine
hasardeur, masculine
hasch, masculine
hashtag, masculine
hasmonéens, masculine
hassidisme, masculine
loudéac, feminine
loueuse, feminine
loufoquerie, feminine
louisianisation, feminine
loujaïne, feminine
louma, feminine
loupiote, feminine
lourdaude, feminine
lourde, feminine
loure, feminine
louvetelle, feminine
louveterie, feminine
louvèterie, feminine
loxodromie, feminine
lozère, feminine
lsr, feminine
ltee, feminine
ltée, feminine
lubricité, feminine
luciférase, feminine
lucilie, feminine
lucite, feminine
lucrèce, masculine
ludivine, feminine
ludothèque, feminine
luétine, feminine
lugeuse, feminine
luisance, feminine
lumachelle, feminine
luminance, feminine
luminet, masculine
lumitype, feminine
lumpenintelligentsia, feminine
lunaison, feminine
lunetière, feminine
lunetterie, feminine
luong, masculine
luronne, feminine
lusitrope, feminine
lussac, masculine
lustration, feminine
lustrine, feminine
lutèce, feminine
lutéoline, feminine
lutherie, feminine
luthérienne, feminine
lutteuse, feminine
luu, masculine
luxuriance, feminine
luzernière, feminine
ly, masculine
lycanthropie, feminine
lycaonie, feminine
lychnite, feminine
lycie, feminine
lycopodine, feminine
lycose, feminine
lyddite, feminine
lymphangite, feminine
lymphocytose, feminine
lymphogranulomatose, feminine
lymphographie, feminine
lymphopénie, feminine
lymphopoïèse, feminine
lyne, feminine
lyophilisation, feminine
lyse, feminine
lysine, feminine
m*rde, feminine
maastrichtienne, feminine
mabillard, masculine
macaquerie, feminine
macédonienne, feminine
macération, feminine
mâcheuse, feminine
machinatrice, feminine
mackinnon, masculine
macle, feminine
mâcon, masculine
maçonne, feminine
macquaire, masculine
macreuse, feminine
macrocarpine, feminine
macrodécision, feminine
macroglobuline, feminine
macroglobulinémie, feminine
macrographie, feminine
macronie, feminine
macrophotographie, feminine
macrophyte, feminine
macropsie, feminine
macrospore, feminine
maculature, feminine
hatton, masculine
hauban, masculine
haussecol, masculine
haussement, masculine
haut, masculine
hautgoût, masculine
havane, masculine
haveur, masculine
havrais, masculine
havresac, masculine
hayon, masculine
hazard, masculine
háček, masculine
hchouma, masculine
hé, masculine
heaume, masculine
hebdomadier, masculine
hébergeur, masculine
hébertisme, masculine
hébraïsme, masculine
hébreux, masculine
hébron, masculine
hecto, masculine
hectogramme, masculine
hectokatal, masculine
hectomètre, masculine
hectopascal, masculine
hector, masculine
hectowatt, masculine
hedjaz, masculine
macule, feminine
macumba, feminine
madécasse, masculine
madérisation, feminine
madone, feminine
madrague, feminine
madrasa, feminine
hégélianisme, masculine
heiduque, masculine
hélas, masculine
héléoplancton, masculine
héliair, masculine
hélianthe, masculine
hélianthème, masculine
héliaste, masculine
hélicène, masculine
héliciculteur, masculine
hélico, masculine
hélicon, masculine
hélicotrème, masculine
héliculture, masculine
héliodore, masculine
héliogabale, masculine
héliograveur, masculine
héliomagnétisme, masculine
héliomètre, masculine
hélion, masculine
hélios, masculine
héliostat, masculine
héliotropisme, masculine
héliox, masculine
héliport, masculine
héliportage, masculine
hélitreuillage, masculine
hellébore, masculine
hellénisant, masculine
hellénisme, masculine
helminthe, masculine
héloderme, masculine
hélonium, masculine
helvétisme, masculine
hématimètre, masculine
hématocrite, masculine
hématocyte, masculine
hématome, masculine
hématozoaire, masculine
hème, masculine
hémérythrine, masculine
hémiacétal, masculine
hémicycle, masculine
hémièdre, masculine
hémimétabole, masculine
hémiole, masculine
hémione, masculine
hémioxyde, masculine
hemiptère, masculine
hémisphéroïde, masculine
hémistiche, masculine
hémogramme, masculine
hendécagone, masculine
hendiadyin, masculine
maëlys, feminine
maestria, feminine
maffia, feminine
mafia, feminine
magalie, feminine
magasinière, feminine
magicienne, feminine
magistrate, feminine
magnanarelle, feminine
magnanerie, feminine
magnésémie, feminine
magnésie, feminine
magnésiothermie, feminine
magnétisation, feminine
magnéto, masculine
magnétochimie, feminine
magnétogaine, feminine
magnétologie, feminine
magnétométrie, feminine
magnétopause, feminine
magnétoqueue, feminine
magnétorésistance, feminine
magnétosphère, feminine
magnétostratigraphie, feminine
magnétostriction, feminine
magnétotaxie, feminine
magouille, feminine
magouilleuse, feminine
magyarisation, feminine
maharani, feminine
mahaut, feminine
mahone, feminine
mahonne, feminine
mahoraise, feminine
mahrez, masculine
maia, feminine
maïa, masculine
maie, feminine
maïeutique, feminine
maigreur, feminine
mailloche, feminine
maine, masculine
mainlevée, feminine
hendiadys, masculine
hénicosane, masculine
hennin, masculine
hénothéisme, masculine
henry, masculine
hentai, masculine
héparan, masculine
hépatisme, masculine
héphaïstos, masculine
heptacène, masculine
heptadécane, masculine
heptaèdre, masculine
heptafluorure, masculine
heptagone, masculine
heptamère, masculine
heptol, masculine
heptoxyde, masculine
héraclès, masculine
héraclite, masculine
hérault, masculine
herbage, masculine
herbicide, masculine
herbier, masculine
herborisateur, masculine
herbretais, masculine
hercheur, masculine
hercynien, masculine
hère, masculine
hérésiarque, masculine
mainmortable, masculine
mainmorte, feminine
maintée, feminine
mainteneuse, feminine
maïserie, feminine
maisonnée, feminine
maisonnette, feminine
maissa, feminine
maïssa, feminine
maistrance, feminine
maistresse, feminine
maitrise, feminine
majolique, feminine
majorquaise, feminine
majusculation, feminine
malabsorption, feminine
malacie, feminine
maladrerie, feminine
malaisienne, feminine
malandre, feminine
malawienne, feminine
hérissonneau, masculine
hermais, masculine
hermaphrodisme, masculine
hermarque, masculine
hermès, masculine
hermétisme, masculine
hermite, masculine
hermocrate, masculine
hermogène, masculine
hernute, masculine
hérode, masculine
hérodien, masculine
hérodion, masculine
hérodote, masculine
héronneau, masculine
hérophile, masculine
hérostrate, masculine
herpétarium, masculine
hervé, masculine
hesbignon, masculine
hésiode, masculine
hessois, masculine
hésychasme, masculine
hêta, masculine
hétéroatome, masculine
hétéroazéotrope, masculine
hétérométabole, masculine
hétéromorphisme, masculine
hétéropolyacide, masculine
hétéropolymère, masculine
hétéropolyoside, masculine
hétérosome, masculine
hetman, masculine
heu, masculine
heureux, masculine
hexa, masculine
hexachlorocyclopentadiène, masculine
hexacontane, masculine
hexacorde, masculine
hexacosane, masculine
hexadécane, masculine
hexadécimal, masculine
hexaèdre, masculine
hexagramme, masculine
hexahélicène, masculine
hexamère, masculine
hexaméthylènetétramine, masculine
hexane, masculine
hexapode, masculine
hexazinone, masculine
hexol, masculine
hiatus, masculine
hibiscus, masculine
hic, masculine
hickory, masculine
hidjab, masculine
hiératisme, masculine
hiérogrammate, masculine
hiéron, masculine
highlander, masculine
hile, masculine
himation, masculine
hindî, masculine
hindou, masculine
hindoustan, masculine
hinterland, masculine
hipparion, masculine
hipparque, masculine
hippiatre, masculine
hippisme, masculine
hippocrate, masculine
hippocratisme, masculine
hippodamos, masculine
hippogriffe, masculine
hiragana, masculine
hirondeau, masculine
hispanisme, masculine
histiocyte, masculine
histogramme, masculine
historicisme, masculine
historique, masculine
historisme, masculine
histrion, masculine
histrionisme, masculine
hit, masculine
hitte, masculine
hmong, masculine
hoazin, masculine
hobby, masculine
hocco, masculine
hochement, masculine
hochepot, masculine
hochequeue, masculine
hockeyeur, masculine
hodjatoleslam, masculine
hodographe, masculine
holdup, masculine
holmate, masculine
malbec, masculine
malbouffe, feminine
maldisposition, feminine
maldivienne, feminine
maldonne, feminine
malencontre, feminine
malentendante, feminine
malfaçon, feminine
malfaisance, feminine
malfaitrice, feminine
malformation, feminine
malfortune, feminine
malgouyres, masculine
malherbologie, feminine
malicia, feminine
maline, feminine
malingre, masculine
malléabilisation, feminine
mallette, feminine
malmignatte, feminine
malocclusion, feminine
malouet, masculine
malouine, feminine
malouines, feminine
malpighie, feminine
malposition, feminine
malpropreté, feminine
malte, feminine
malterie, feminine
maltôte, feminine
maltraitance, feminine
malvacée, feminine
malvidine, feminine
mamamouchie, feminine
mamange, feminine
mammalgie, feminine
mammalogie, feminine
mammectomie, feminine
mammiochorie, feminine
mammite, feminine
mammoplastie, feminine
mammy, feminine
mamour, masculine
mam'selle, feminine
mamy, feminine
mam'zelle, feminine
mamzelle, feminine
manade, feminine
manageuse, feminine
mance, masculine
mancelle, feminine
mancenille, feminine
manchette, feminine
manchote, feminine
mancipation, feminine
mandale, feminine
mandante, feminine
mandature, feminine
mandchoue, feminine
mandore, feminine
mandraud, masculine
manducation, feminine
maneaba, feminine
manécanterie, feminine
manette, feminine
manganimétrie, feminine
manganine, feminine
manganite, feminine
mangeaille, feminine
mangerie, feminine
mangeure, feminine
mangeüre, feminine
mangeuse, feminine
mangle, feminine
manglier, feminine
mangrove, feminine
maniaquerie, feminine
manicle, feminine
manicure, masculine
maniére, feminine
manieuse, feminine
manifestante, feminine
manigance, feminine
manille, feminine
manip, feminine
manipulatrice, feminine
manique, feminine
manitobaine, feminine
mannitane, feminine
mannite, feminine
mannoise, feminine
mannoprotéine, feminine
manométrie, feminine
manoque, feminine
manosphère, feminine
manouvrière, feminine
mansion, feminine
mansuétude, feminine
mantchourie, feminine
mante, feminine
mantelure, feminine
manticore, feminine
mantille, feminine
mantique, feminine
mantisse, feminine
manuelle, feminine
manumission, feminine
mappemonde, feminine
maquignonne, feminine
maquilleuse, feminine
maranta, masculine
marante, feminine
marathe, masculine
marathonienne, feminine
marâtre, feminine
maraude, feminine
maraudeuse, feminine
marbrerie, feminine
marbrière, feminine
marbrure, feminine
marcade, masculine
marcadet, masculine
marcasite, feminine
marcelline, feminine
marcescence, feminine
marchande, feminine
marchandeau, masculine
marchandisation, feminine
holocène, masculine
holoèdre, masculine
holographe, masculine
holométabole, masculine
holonyme, masculine
holoparasitisme, masculine
holoside, masculine
holostéen, masculine
holyokais, masculine
hombre, masculine
homéostat, masculine
homéride, masculine
homespun, masculine
hommet, masculine
homocaryon, masculine
homodonte, masculine
homoérotisme, masculine
homogénéisateur, masculine
homoglyphe, masculine
homographe, masculine
homomorphisme, masculine
homoncule, masculine
homopolymère, masculine
homopolyoside, masculine
homoptère, masculine
homuncule, masculine
hondurien, masculine
hongkongais, masculine
hongkou, masculine
hongre, masculine
honoraires, masculine
honoré, masculine
hooligan, masculine
hooliganisme, masculine
hopak, masculine
hopanoïde, masculine
hopi, masculine
hoqueton, masculine
horion, masculine
hormèse, masculine
hormogonie, masculine
horodateur, masculine
horoptère, masculine
horsain, masculine
horst, masculine
hortensia, masculine
hosanna, masculine
hospital, masculine
hospitalier, masculine
hospitalisme, masculine
hospodar, masculine
hoste, masculine
hosto, masculine
hôtelier, masculine
hottentot, masculine
hotteur, masculine
hotu, masculine
houage, masculine
houari, masculine
houblonnage, masculine
houblonnier, masculine
houlagou, masculine
houmach, masculine
houppier, masculine
hourd, masculine
hourra, masculine
hourrah, masculine
hourvari, masculine
houseau, masculine
housing, masculine
houssoir, masculine
housson, masculine
houthi, masculine
hoverport, masculine
hoxhaïsme, masculine
hp, masculine
hpgp, masculine
html, masculine
huangpu, masculine
huard, masculine
huberdeau, masculine
huchet, masculine
hué, masculine
hugo, masculine
huguenot, masculine
huguenotisme, masculine
huilage, masculine
huilier, masculine
marchandot, masculine
marches, feminine
marcophilie, feminine
marde, feminine
maréchale, feminine
maréchalerie, feminine
maréchaussée, feminine
marelle, feminine
maremme, feminine
marennes, feminine
marennine, feminine
mareyeuse, feminine
marfourée, feminine
margelle, feminine
marginale, feminine
marginalisation, feminine
marginalité, feminine
marginée, feminine
margose, feminine
marguillère, feminine
marguillière, feminine
marihuana, feminine
marijuana, feminine
mariko, feminine
marillier, masculine
marilou, feminine
marinade, feminine
marinière, feminine
mariolâtrie, feminine
marion, feminine
marisque, feminine
marité, feminine
maritimisation, feminine
marjolène, feminine
marjorie, feminine
marmaille, feminine
marmandaise, feminine
marmote, feminine
marmotteuse, feminine
marneuse, feminine
maroquinerie, feminine
maroquinière, feminine
marotte, feminine
maroussia, feminine
marpsat, masculine
marqueteuse, feminine
marqueuse, feminine
marquises, feminine
marrainage, feminine
marrant, masculine
marre, feminine
marroni, masculine
marsanne, feminine
marseille, masculine
marseillisation, feminine
martensite, feminine
martienne, feminine
martingale, feminine
martiniquaise, feminine
martre, feminine
martyrium, feminine
martyrologie, feminine
marxologie, feminine
marylène, feminine
marylou, feminine
maryse, feminine
marzocchi, masculine
mascarade, feminine
mascataise, feminine
mascon, masculine
masculinisation, feminine
masovie, feminine
masovienne, feminine
massacreuse, feminine
huitantième, masculine
huitième, masculine
huitrier, masculine
huîtrier, masculine
hullois, masculine
hululement, masculine
hululeur, masculine
humage, masculine
humanine, masculine
humanitarisme, masculine
humanoïde, masculine
humbert, masculine
humectage, masculine
humorisme, masculine
humulène, masculine
hunier, masculine
hunnu, masculine
hurdler, masculine
hurepoix, masculine
hurleur, masculine
hurluberlu, masculine
huron, masculine
hurricane, masculine
hussitisme, masculine
hutteau, masculine
huttier, masculine
huwawa, masculine
hyaloplasme, masculine
hybridisme, masculine
hybridome, masculine
hydne, masculine
hydracide, masculine
hydrant, masculine
hydrargyre, masculine
hydrargyrure, masculine
hydraule, masculine
hydraulicien, masculine
hydroaérodrome, masculine
hydrocarbonate, masculine
hydrocraquage, masculine
hydrodynamicien, masculine
hydrofluorure, masculine
hydrofoil, masculine
hydrogénocarbonate, masculine
hydrogénoïde, masculine
hydrogénosulfate, masculine
hydrogénosulfite, masculine
hydroglisseur, masculine
hydrogramme, masculine
hydroïodide, masculine
hydrolaccolithe, masculine
hydrolat, masculine
masses, feminine
massette, feminine
massicotière, feminine
massière, feminine
massification, feminine
mastalgie, feminine
masterisation, feminine
mastérisation, feminine
mastication, feminine
masticine, feminine
mastite, feminine
hydrométéore, masculine
hydrominéral, masculine
hydronyme, masculine
hydropéricarde, masculine
hydroperoxyde, masculine
hydropéroxyle, masculine
hydrophile, masculine
hydroplanage, masculine
hydroplastique, masculine
hydroptère, masculine
hydrorécepteur, masculine
hydrosilicate, masculine
hydrosol, masculine
hydrosulfure, masculine
hydrotachymètre, masculine
hydrotropisme, masculine
hydroxyle, masculine
hydroxyméthyl, masculine
hydroxyphényl, masculine
hydroxytoluène, masculine
hydrozoaire, masculine
hydrure, masculine
hygiaphone, masculine
hygroma, masculine
hygrophobe, masculine
hygrostat, masculine
hylémorphisme, masculine
hylozoïsme, masculine
hyménée, masculine
hyménomycète, masculine
hyménoptère, masculine
hymnaire, masculine
hymnographe, masculine
hyoïde, masculine
hyparque, masculine
hyperaccumulateur, masculine
hyperactif, masculine
hyperandrogénisme, masculine
hyperarbre, masculine
hyperboloïde, masculine
hyperboréen, masculine
hypercentre, masculine
hypercomplexe, masculine
hypercorticisme, masculine
hypercube, masculine
hyperespace, masculine
hypereutectoïde, masculine
hypergol, masculine
hypergraphe, masculine
hypergroupe, masculine
hypéride, masculine
hyperiodate, masculine
hypérion, masculine
hypermètre, masculine
hypernoyau, masculine
hyperonyme, masculine
mastocytose, feminine
mastodynie, feminine
mastoïde, feminine
mastoïdite, feminine
mastologie, feminine
masturbatrice, feminine
masure, feminine
matante, feminine
matawinie, feminine
matelote, feminine
matérialisation, feminine
matérialité, feminine
mathais, masculine
mathématicienne, feminine
mathématisation, feminine
matheuse, feminine
matiere, feminine
matina, feminine
matinale, feminine
matinalière, feminine
matines, feminine
matité, feminine
matraqueuse, feminine
matriarche, feminine
matricaire, feminine
matricule, masculine
matrone, feminine
matthieussent, masculine
matuidi, masculine
maubec, masculine
maude, feminine
maudition, feminine
mauldre, feminine
mauriac, masculine
mauricie, feminine
mauricienne, feminine
mauritanienne, feminine
maurras, masculine
hyperoxyde, masculine
hyperparamètre, masculine
hyperplan, masculine
hypersignal, masculine
hypersulfure, masculine
hypertendre, masculine
hyphen, masculine
hypnos, masculine
hypnotique, masculine
hypnotiseur, masculine
hypnotisme, masculine
hypnotoxine, masculine
hypoazotite, masculine
hypoblaste, masculine
hypocauste, masculine
hypocentre, masculine
hypochlorite, masculine
hypocoristique, masculine
hypocras, masculine
hypocycloïde, masculine
hypoderme, masculine
hypoeutectoïde, masculine
hypogastre, masculine
hypogée, masculine
hypoglosse, masculine
hypoglycémiant, masculine
maussaderie, feminine
mauvaiseté, feminine
mauviette, feminine
maximilienne, feminine
maximillienne, feminine
mayapan, feminine
mayennaise, feminine
mayenne, feminine
mazarinade, feminine
mazars, masculine
mazette, feminine
mazingarbe, feminine
mazourke, feminine
mazurka, feminine
mazurque, feminine
mboro, feminine
mdlle, feminine
me, masculine
mécanicienne, feminine
mécanochimie, feminine
mécanographie, feminine
mécanothérapie, feminine
méchanceté, feminine
méchanterie, feminine
mechta, feminine
mecklembourgeoise, feminine
méconnaissance, feminine
médailleuse, feminine
médée, feminine
médersa, feminine
médiathèque, feminine
médiatisation, feminine
médiatrice, feminine
médicalisation, feminine
médicastre, masculine
médication, feminine
médie, feminine
médiété, feminine
médina, feminine
médiocratie, feminine
médiocrité, feminine
médisance, feminine
médisante, feminine
méditerranée, feminine
médiumnité, feminine
médulla, feminine
mée, feminine
méert, masculine
méforme, feminine
mégabasite, feminine
mégacalorie, feminine
mégacandela, feminine
mégacatastrophe, feminine
mégacentre, feminine
mégachile, feminine
mégacité, feminine
mégacycle, feminine
mégadonnées, feminine
mégadyne, feminine
mégafaune, feminine
mégaferme, feminine
hypolimnion, masculine
hypomère, masculine
hypospade, masculine
hypospadias, masculine
hyposulfite, masculine
hypotexte, masculine
hypothénar, masculine
hypothyroïdisme, masculine
i, masculine
iachine, masculine
iakoutsk, masculine
iambe, masculine
ïambe, masculine
ibadisme, masculine
ibérien, masculine
ibo, masculine
icarisme, masculine
ichneumon, masculine
ichtyoïde, masculine
ichtyol, masculine
ichtyosaure, masculine
ichtyosisme, masculine
iconoclasme, masculine
iconodule, masculine
iconomètre, masculine
icosicosidodécaèdre, masculine
icosidodécadodécaèdre, masculine
icosihémidodécaèdre, masculine
idaho, masculine
ide, masculine
idéalisateur, masculine
identifiant, masculine
identificateur, masculine
idéogramme, masculine
idéographe, masculine
idéologisation, masculine
iench, masculine
iencli, masculine
ienisseï, masculine
igbo, masculine
ign, masculine
ignifuge, masculine
igniteur, masculine
ignitron, masculine
igo, masculine
iguane, masculine
iguanodon, masculine
ik, masculine
iléon, masculine
iléum, masculine
ilia, masculine
ilien, masculine
îlien, masculine
ilion, masculine
ilium, masculine
ilkhan, masculine
ilkhanat, masculine
illatif, masculine
illectronisme, masculine
illinois, masculine
illogisme, masculine
illuminateur, masculine
illuminé, masculine
illumineur, masculine
illuminisme, masculine
illusionnisme, masculine
illustré, masculine
ilot, masculine
ilôt, masculine
ilotage, masculine
îlotage, masculine
ilotier, masculine
îlotier, masculine
ilotisme, masculine
iltud, masculine
imagier, masculine
imaginaire, masculine
imamat, masculine
iman, masculine
imanat, masculine
imbrim, masculine
imbroglio, masculine
imide, masculine
iminoacide, masculine
immanentisme, masculine
immédiat, masculine
immobilisme, masculine
immortel, masculine
immunodépresseur, masculine
immunomodulateur, masculine
impala, masculine
impaludisme, masculine
impatient, masculine
impatriotisme, masculine
impeachment, masculine
impécuniosité, masculine
imper, masculine
imperfectif, masculine
impétigo, masculine
impétrant, masculine
impluvium, masculine
impondérable, masculine
import, masculine
imposeur, masculine
imposteur, masculine
imprécateur, masculine
impresario, masculine
imprésario, masculine
imprévu, masculine
megafusée, feminine
mégalographie, feminine
mégalomartyre, feminine
mégalope, feminine
mégalopole, feminine
mégalure, feminine
mégamosquée, feminine
méganticoise, feminine
mégapole, feminine
mégara, feminine
mégarde, feminine
mégare, feminine
mégasécheresse, feminine
mégastructure, feminine
mégatonne, feminine
mégère, feminine
mégestion, feminine
megumi, feminine
méharée, feminine
méheut, masculine
meilleure, feminine
mélamine, feminine
melancholie, feminine
mélanchyme, feminine
melancolie, feminine
mélanine, feminine
mélanisation, feminine
mélanodermie, feminine
mélanose, feminine
mélanostimuline, feminine
mélantérite, feminine
melbourne, feminine
mêlée, feminine
mélenchon, masculine
mélinite, feminine
mélissière, feminine
mélissot, feminine
mélitose, feminine
mélitte, feminine
mellification, feminine
mellite, feminine
mélomanie, feminine
mélongine, feminine
melonnière, feminine
mélopée, feminine
membranule, feminine
membrure, feminine
mémé, feminine
mémère, feminine
mémétique, feminine
mèmification, feminine
mémoration, feminine
mémorisation, feminine
ménadione, feminine
ménaquinone, feminine
ménatétrénone, feminine
mendiante, feminine
ménétrière, feminine
meneuse, feminine
menine, feminine
ménisectomie, feminine
menkao, feminine
ménorragie, feminine
ménotropine, feminine
mense, feminine
menstrues, feminine
mensualisation, feminine
menterie, feminine
mentonnière, feminine
menuise, feminine
menuiserie, feminine
menuisière, feminine
méquitazine, feminine
merbromine, feminine
mercatique, feminine
mercedes, masculine
mercédès, feminine
mercie, feminine
mercière, feminine
merco, feminine
mercurescéine, feminine
mercuriale, feminine
merdeuse, feminine
merelle, feminine
méréologie, feminine
méréotopologie, feminine
mérétrice, feminine
merguez, feminine
méridienne, feminine
merise, feminine
merlesse, feminine
merlette, feminine
méromicticité, feminine
merranderie, feminine
mersenne, masculine
merveilleuse, feminine
merveillosité, feminine
mesa, feminine
improvisateur, masculine
inaccomplissement, masculine
inachèvement, masculine
inca, masculine
incantateur, masculine
incapable, masculine
incel, masculine
incendiaire, masculine
incinérateur, masculine
incitateur, masculine
incitatif, masculine
incivisme, masculine
inclinomètre, masculine
incognito, masculine
incombement, masculine
incompris, masculine
inconditionnel, masculine
inconfort, masculine
inconnu, masculine
incorrigible, masculine
incrément, masculine
incrétine, masculine
incruste, masculine
incube, masculine
incunable, masculine
incus, masculine
indate, masculine
indène, masculine
indexage, masculine
indianisme, masculine
indic, masculine
indican, masculine
indicatif, masculine
indiciaire, masculine
indigénat, masculine
indigénisme, masculine
indigent, masculine
indigné, masculine
indigotate, masculine
indigotier, masculine
indochinois, masculine
indole, masculine
indophénol, masculine
indoxyle, masculine
inducteur, masculine
indult, masculine
inéquité, masculine
inertage, masculine
inessif, masculine
infant, masculine
infanteriste, masculine
infernet, masculine
infiltrateur, masculine
infinitisme, masculine
infixe, masculine
infléchissement, masculine
influenceur, masculine
infortuné, masculine
infra, masculine
infracteur, masculine
infraordre, masculine
infrason, masculine
infundibulum, masculine
infusoire, masculine
ingemar, masculine
ingmar, masculine
inhalateur, masculine
inhibiteur, masculine
initiateur, masculine
injecteur, masculine
inlandsis, masculine
inlay, masculine
innovateur, masculine
innu, masculine
inocybe, masculine
inosate, masculine
input, masculine
inquilin, masculine
inquilinisme, masculine
inrap, masculine
inria, masculine
inscripteur, masculine
insectarium, masculine
insectifuge, masculine
insectivore, masculine
insee, masculine
inselberg, masculine
insert, masculine
insigne, masculine
insignifiant, masculine
inspirateur, masculine
installateur, masculine
instantané, masculine
institutionnalisme, masculine
instructif, masculine
instrumentalisme, masculine
insuccès, masculine
insulinome, masculine
insulteur, masculine
intégralisme, masculine
mésencéphale, feminine
mésentente, feminine
mésie, feminine
mésinformation, feminine
mésite, feminine
mésokurticité, feminine
mésologie, feminine
mésomérie, feminine
mésopause, feminine
mésophase, feminine
mésopotamienne, feminine
mésopuncture, feminine
mésosidérite, feminine
mésosphère, feminine
mésothéline, feminine
mesquinerie, feminine
messagère, feminine
messines, feminine
métabolisation, feminine
métabolomique, feminine
métacétone, feminine
métaclasse, feminine
métadonnée, feminine
métairie, feminine
métalepse, feminine
métalepsie, feminine
métallicité, feminine
métallochromie, feminine
métalloenzyme, feminine
métallogénie, feminine
métallophosphatase, feminine
métallophyte, feminine
métalloprotéinase, feminine
métalloprotéine, feminine
métanalyse, feminine
métapectine, feminine
métaphyse, feminine
métaphysicienne, feminine
métapopulation, feminine
métapsychique, feminine
métapsychologie, feminine
métastabilité, feminine
métayère, feminine
métel, feminine
métempsychose, feminine
météorisation, feminine
météorographie, feminine
metformine, feminine
méthanation, feminine
méthanisation, feminine
méthasone, feminine
méthémoglobine, feminine
méthicilline, feminine
méthine, feminine
methode, feminine
méthylacétylène, feminine
méthyladénosine, feminine
méthylation, feminine
méthylcytidine, feminine
méthylguanosine, feminine
méthylmorphine, feminine
méthyluridine, feminine
méticilline, feminine
méticulosité, feminine
métis, masculine
métisse, feminine
métraduction, feminine
métrète, feminine
métreuse, feminine
métrologie, feminine
métromanie, feminine
métropolis, feminine
métrorragie, feminine
métrosexuelle, feminine
metteure, feminine
metteuse, feminine
meuleuse, feminine
meulière, feminine
meunerie, feminine
meurette, feminine
meureu, feminine
meurthe, feminine
meyerfeld, masculine
mèze, feminine
mezzo, feminine
miami, feminine
mica, feminine
micallef, masculine
miche, feminine
michetonneuse, feminine
michiko, feminine
michto, feminine
microanalyse, feminine
microbalance, feminine
microbille, feminine
microcalorimétrie, feminine
microcapsule, feminine
microcassette, feminine
intégrateur, masculine
intégrisme, masculine
intendant, masculine
intentionnalisme, masculine
inter, masculine
interblocage, masculine
intercalaire, masculine
intercepteur, masculine
intercesseur, masculine
intercités, masculine
interclasse, masculine
interculturalisme, masculine
intéressé, masculine
interfaçage, masculine
interfaceur, masculine
interféromètre, masculine
interférométrie, masculine
intergiciel, masculine
intérim, masculine
intériste, masculine
interlaken, masculine
intermède, masculine
internat, masculine
internationalisme, masculine
interné, masculine
internement, masculine
interpellateur, masculine
interphone, masculine
interpolateur, masculine
interprétariat, masculine
interpréteur, masculine
interrègne, masculine
interrogateur, masculine
intersexué, masculine
interstice, masculine
intertitre, masculine
intervenant, masculine
interviewer, masculine
intervieweur, masculine
intestat, masculine
intimé, masculine
intimidateur, masculine
intimisme, masculine
intrant, masculine
introducteur, masculine
introït, masculine
intrus, masculine
intuitionisme, masculine
intuitionnisme, masculine
inuit, masculine
inuktitut, masculine
invendu, masculine
inverse, masculine
inverti, masculine
inviteur, masculine
invocateur, masculine
involucre, masculine
iochroma, masculine
iochrome, masculine
iodate, masculine
iodhydrate, masculine
iodisme, masculine
iodoforme, masculine
iodométhane, masculine
ioniseur, masculine
iotacisme, masculine
iouri, masculine
iowa, masculine
ipad, masculine
ipé, masculine
ipéca, masculine
iphone, masculine
ipod, masculine
ippon, masculine
iqa, masculine
iradé, masculine
iranisant, masculine
irap, masculine
iraqien, masculine
irénarque, masculine
irénisme, masculine
iridiosmium, masculine
iroquoien, masculine
iroquois, masculine
irradiateur, masculine
irréalisme, masculine
irrédentisme, masculine
irrédentiste, masculine
irritant, masculine
isaac, masculine
isaï, masculine
isaie, masculine
isapôtre, masculine
isard, masculine
ischion, masculine
isée, masculine
isérois, masculine
ismaélien, masculine
isobare, masculine
isobornéol, masculine
isobutane, masculine
isobutène, masculine
isochronisme, masculine
isocrate, masculine
isoète, masculine
isoeugénol, masculine
isoforme, masculine
isogamie, masculine
isogéotherme, masculine
isohyète, masculine
isolant, masculine
isolat, masculine
microchimie, feminine
microchirurgie, feminine
microcline, feminine
microdécision, feminine
microdisquette, feminine
microdissection, feminine
microdistillerie, feminine
microémulsion, feminine
microfiche, feminine
microfinance, feminine
microforme, feminine
microfractographie, feminine
microfuite, feminine
microglie, feminine
microglossie, feminine
micrographie, feminine
microgravité, feminine
microhistoire, feminine
microjupe, feminine
microlithographie, feminine
micromanipulation, feminine
micrométéorite, feminine
micrométrie, feminine
microminéralogie, feminine
microminiaturisation, feminine
micromobilité, feminine
micronésienne, feminine
microparticule, feminine
microphotographie, feminine
microphysique, feminine
microplaquette, feminine
microprogrammation, feminine
micropsie, feminine
micropuce, feminine
microradiographie, feminine
microrafale, feminine
microscopie, feminine
microscopique, feminine
microseconde, feminine
microsoudeuse, feminine
microsphère, feminine
microtomie, feminine
microtransaction, feminine
midinette, feminine
midori, masculine
miellerie, feminine
mienne, masculine
mièvrerie, feminine
mif, feminine
mifépristone, feminine
migmatite, feminine
mignardise, feminine
mignonette, feminine
mignonnette, feminine
mignotise, feminine
mijaurée, feminine
mijoteuse, feminine
mika, feminine
mikhaïlov, masculine
miliaire, feminine
milicienne, feminine
militance, feminine
millefeuille, masculine
millérite, feminine
milliseconde, feminine
millithermie, feminine
milouda, feminine
mimi, masculine
mimologie, feminine
mimosacée, feminine
minauderie, feminine
minaudière, feminine
minceur, feminine
minerve, feminine
minette, feminine
mineure, feminine
mineuse, feminine
minganie, feminine
miniaturisation, feminine
minicassette, feminine
minichaîne, feminine
minière, feminine
minimalité, feminine
minirobe, feminine
minivoiture, feminine
minoration, feminine
minote, feminine
minoterie, feminine
minotte, feminine
minoune, feminine
minustah, feminine
minuterie, feminine
minutie, feminine
miquelon, feminine
mirabel, feminine
mirabelle, feminine
mirbane, feminine
mire, masculine
mirepoix, masculine
mirette, feminine
mirmand, masculine
miroiterie, feminine
mirthe, feminine
miryam, feminine
misaine, feminine
miscibilité, feminine
misologie, feminine
missive, feminine
mistelle, feminine
isolé, masculine
isolisme, masculine
isomère, masculine
isomérisme, masculine
ison, masculine
isopentane, masculine
isopentènyl, masculine
isopet, masculine
isopode, masculine
isoprène, masculine
isoprénoïde, masculine
isopropyle, masculine
isoptère, masculine
isorel, masculine
isotherme, masculine
isotone, masculine
isotopomère, masculine
ispaghul, masculine
ispahanais, masculine
ispravnik, masculine
israëlien, masculine
issa, masculine
italianisant, masculine
italianisme, masculine
italique, masculine
itérateur, masculine
ithyphalle, masculine
itinérant, masculine
iule, masculine
ivoirien, masculine
ivoirier, masculine
ixe, masculine
ixode, masculine
jabisen, masculine
jabot, masculine
jabotage, masculine
jaboteur, masculine
jacaltec, masculine
jacaltèque, masculine
jacamar, masculine
jacaranda, masculine
jacassage, masculine
jacassement, masculine
jacasseur, masculine
jackpot, masculine
jacky, masculine
jacob, masculine
jacobien, masculine
jacobin, masculine
jacobinisme, masculine
jaconas, masculine
jacoumard, masculine
jacquard, masculine
jacquemart, masculine
jacquet, masculine
jacquez, masculine
jacquier, masculine
jacquot, masculine
jacuzzi, masculine
jaguarondi, masculine
jailbreak, masculine
j'aime, masculine
jaïn, masculine
jakusi, masculine
jalet, masculine
jalon, masculine
jalonneur, masculine
jamalac, masculine
jamalaquier, masculine
jambage, masculine
jambalaya, masculine
jambier, masculine
jamblique, masculine
jamblon, masculine
jambonneau, masculine
jamboree, masculine
jambosier, masculine
jambrès, masculine
jan, masculine
janissaire, masculine
janissariat, masculine
jansénisme, masculine
japchae, masculine
japhet, masculine
japonisme, masculine
jappement, masculine
jaquemart, masculine
jaquier, masculine
jardinet, masculine
jarret, masculine
jas, masculine
jaseran, masculine
jaseron, masculine
jaseur, masculine
jason, masculine
jaugeage, masculine
jaunet, masculine
javart, masculine
jawa, masculine
jazzman, masculine
jazzophile, masculine
jeanpierre, masculine
jeans, masculine
jedi, masculine
jediisme, masculine
jef, masculine
jehan, masculine
jéhovah, masculine
jéjunum, masculine
jephthé, masculine
jerez, masculine
jerk, masculine
jerrican, masculine
jerricane, masculine
jersiais, masculine
jèsus, masculine
jeté, masculine
jeteur, masculine
jeûneur, masculine
jeunisme, masculine
jeunot, masculine
jialing, masculine
jiangsu, masculine
jihad, masculine
jihadisme, masculine
jingle, masculine
jinisme, masculine
jipi, masculine
jlb, masculine
jld, masculine
joailler, masculine
miston, feminine
mitaine, feminine
mithridatisation, feminine
mitigation, feminine
mitochondrie, feminine
mitophagie, feminine
mitraillade, feminine
mitraille, feminine
mitraillette, feminine
miu, feminine
mixeuse, feminine
mixité, feminine
mixotrophie, feminine
mixtion, feminine
mixture, feminine
miyu, feminine
miyuki, feminine
jochgoun, masculine
jockey, masculine
jocrisse, masculine
joggeur, masculine
john, masculine
joker, masculine
jökulhlaup, masculine
jolibois, masculine
jolokia, masculine
jonc, masculine
joncier, masculine
jonctionnement, masculine
jonglage, masculine
jordanès, masculine
jorkyball, masculine
jota, masculine
joual, masculine
jouisseur, masculine
journalier, masculine
mlle, feminine
mloukhiya, feminine
m'man, feminine
mme, feminine
mnémonique, masculine
mnémotechnie, feminine
moabite, feminine
mocchi, masculine
modélisation, feminine
modélisatrice, feminine
modénature, feminine
modernisatrice, feminine
modificatrice, feminine
modularité, feminine
modulation, feminine
modulatrice, feminine
mœlle, feminine
moer, feminine
mofette, feminine
mogette, feminine
mohetti, masculine
moire, feminine
moise, feminine
moiselle, feminine
moiteur, feminine
molalité, feminine
molarité, feminine
molasse, feminine
mole, feminine
môle, masculine
molécularité, feminine
molène, feminine
moleskine, feminine
molette, feminine
molgule, feminine
jouteur, masculine
jouvenceau, masculine
jouy, masculine
jri, masculine
jt, masculine
jubé, masculine
jubilé, masculine
juc, masculine
juda, masculine
judas, masculine
jude, masculine
judéen, masculine
judéocide, masculine
judo, masculine
jugé, masculine
mollesse, feminine
molletière, feminine
momification, feminine
momordique, feminine
monacétine, feminine
monade, feminine
monarachine, feminine
monarde, feminine
monazite, feminine
mondanité, feminine
mondeuse, feminine
mondovision, feminine
monétique, feminine
monétisation, feminine
mongole, feminine
moniale, feminine
monika, feminine
monition, feminine
monitrice, feminine
monnayeuse, feminine
monoandrie, feminine
monoatomicité, feminine
monoblepsie, feminine
monoblétoise, feminine
monochromatopsie, feminine
monochromie, feminine
monocotylédone, masculine
monocouche, feminine
monocratie, feminine
monocylindre, masculine
monodonte, feminine
monoecie, feminine
monoécie, feminine
monogénie, feminine
monogynie, feminine
monooxygénase, feminine
monopalme, feminine
monopétalie, feminine
monophane, feminine
monophonie, feminine
monophtongaison, feminine
monophylie, feminine
monophyllie, feminine
monoplégie, feminine
monopolisation, feminine
monopolisatrice, feminine
monoprogrammation, feminine
monosémie, feminine
monosexualité, feminine
monospermie, feminine
monosulfite, feminine
monothérapie, feminine
monotype, masculine
monotypie, feminine
monouque, feminine
monoville, feminine
monstruosité, feminine
montagnarde, feminine
montagnette, feminine
monténégrinne, feminine
montérégie, feminine
monteuse, feminine
montlhéry, feminine
montmorillonite, feminine
montreuse, feminine
montrichard, feminine
monumentalité, feminine
mop, feminine
moppe, feminine
moque, feminine
moquet, masculine
moqueuse, feminine
moracée, feminine
morailles, feminine
moraine, feminine
moralisation, feminine
moralité, feminine
morbihannaise, feminine
mordan, feminine
morelle, feminine
morfale, feminine
morgeline, feminine
morille, feminine
morita, masculine
moronne, feminine
morosaglia, feminine
morosité, feminine
morphe, feminine
morphinomanie, feminine
morphocoiffure, feminine
morphogenèse, feminine
morphographie, feminine
morphonologie, feminine
morphophonémique, feminine
morphophonologie, feminine
morphopsychologie, feminine
morphose, feminine
morphosyntaxe, feminine
morphotectonique, feminine
mortaise, feminine
mortinaissance, feminine
mortinatalité, feminine
morula, feminine
morutière, feminine
morveuse, feminine
mosaïculture, feminine
moscovie, feminine
moscovienne, feminine
moselotte, feminine
mosette, feminine
mossadegh, masculine
motarde, feminine
motilité, feminine
motion, feminine
motivatrice, feminine
motociste, masculine
motocrotte, feminine
motomarine, feminine
motoneige, feminine
motopompe, feminine
motrice, feminine
motte, feminine
moucharabié, feminine
moucharaby, feminine
moucherolle, feminine
mouchette, feminine
moucheture, feminine
mouclade, feminine
moudjahida, feminine
moue, feminine
mouflet, masculine
mouflette, feminine
mouillasse, feminine
mouille, feminine
mouillette, feminine
mouillure, feminine
mouise, feminine
moula, feminine
moulaga, feminine
moulière, feminine
moulinette, feminine
moulinière, feminine
mouluration, feminine
moumoute, feminine
mouquère, feminine
mourante, feminine
mouscron, feminine
mousmé, feminine
moutonnade, feminine
mouture, feminine
mouvance, feminine
moye, feminine
mozart, masculine
mozette, feminine
mpo, feminine
mpr, masculine
mrc, feminine
jugère, masculine
jugerum, masculine
juges, masculine
jugulaire, masculine
jujube, masculine
jujubier, masculine
julian, masculine
jumping, masculine
jupier, masculine
jurançon, masculine
jurassique, masculine
jurat, masculine
juré, masculine
jurement, masculine
jureur, masculine
juridisme, masculine
jurisconsulte, masculine
jusant, masculine
jussif, masculine
justau, masculine
justaucorps, masculine
justificatif, masculine
justinien, masculine
jutland, masculine
juveigneur, masculine
juvénat, masculine
kabuki, masculine
kabukicho, masculine
kadogo, masculine
kafta, masculine
kahanisme, masculine
kahoua, masculine
kaiserlick, masculine
kakémono, masculine
kakuro, masculine
kali, masculine
kalioujny, masculine
kalium, masculine
kalmouk, masculine
kamala, masculine
kan, masculine
kana, masculine
kanat, masculine
kandjar, masculine
kanji, masculine
kannada, masculine
kannara, masculine
kansas, masculine
kantisme, masculine
kaohsiung, masculine
kaoliang, masculine
kaon, masculine
kapo, masculine
kapok, masculine
kapokier, masculine
kappa, masculine
karakul, masculine
karcher, masculine
karoshi, masculine
kart, masculine
karting, masculine
kashmiri, masculine
katanga, masculine
katangais, masculine
katar, masculine
katchina, masculine
kathakali, masculine
kava, masculine
kavani, masculine
kawa, masculine
kawar, masculine
kawéni, masculine
kawi, masculine
kayac, masculine
kayakeur, masculine
kayllor, masculine
kayor, masculine
kazatchok, masculine
kebab, masculine
kébab, masculine
kebaowek, masculine
kébécois, masculine
keepsake, masculine
keffieh, masculine
keirin, masculine
kéké, masculine
kekulène, masculine
kelp, masculine
kelvin, masculine
kémalisme, masculine
kémitisme, masculine
kendo, masculine
kentucky, masculine
kenzo, masculine
képhir, masculine
kératocône, masculine
kératotome, masculine
kerfourn, masculine
kermodisme, masculine
kern, masculine
késita, masculine
ketch, masculine
keum, masculine
keut, masculine
keutru, masculine
kevlar, masculine
keynésianisme, masculine
kgb, masculine
khalifat, masculine
mtsamboro, feminine
m'tsangamouji, feminine
mucine, feminine
mucoprotéine, feminine
mucoprotéinurie, feminine
mucormycose, feminine
mucosine, feminine
mudarine, feminine
muette, feminine
muflerie, feminine
mulâtresse, feminine
mule, feminine
muleta, feminine
muletière, feminine
mulhousienne, feminine
mulsion, feminine
multicellularité, feminine
multicouche, feminine
multifonctionnalité, feminine
multiméthode, feminine
multipare, feminine
multiparité, feminine
multipotence, feminine
multiprise, feminine
multiprogrammation, feminine
multipropriété, feminine
munichoise, feminine
municipalisation, feminine
munition, feminine
munitionnette, feminine
munténie, feminine
muographie, feminine
murène, feminine
muret, masculine
murexane, feminine
murtra, feminine
muscardine, feminine
muscovite, feminine
muscu, feminine
musculation, feminine
musculature, feminine
musculine, feminine
muséographie, feminine
muserolle, feminine
musette, feminine
musicassette, feminine
musicographie, feminine
musicomane, masculine
musicomanie, feminine
musicothérapie, feminine
musiquette, feminine
musse, feminine
mussitation, feminine
mutabilité, feminine
mutage, feminine
mutagenèse, feminine
mutilatrice, feminine
mutinerie, feminine
mutité, feminine
mutualisation, feminine
mutualité, feminine
myalgie, feminine
myasthénie, feminine
mycobactérie, feminine
mycocécidie, feminine
mycophagie, feminine
mycorhize, feminine
mycose, feminine
mydriase, feminine
mye, feminine
myéline, feminine
myélinisation, feminine
myélite, feminine
myelocytoarchitecture, feminine
myélographie, feminine
myennes, feminine
mygale, feminine
myiase, feminine
mylène, feminine
myofasciite, feminine
myofibrille, feminine
myogenèse, feminine
myoglobine, feminine
myoglobinurie, feminine
myopathie, feminine
myopotame, feminine
myosite, feminine
myriade, feminine
myriadisation, feminine
myristicine, feminine
myrmécochorie, feminine
myrmécologie, feminine
myrmécophilie, feminine
myrmécophobie, feminine
myrosine, feminine
myrtacée, feminine
mysie, feminine
mysophobie, feminine
mystification, feminine
mystificatrice, feminine
mytilène, feminine
mytilicultrice, feminine
mytiliculture, feminine
mytilotoxine, feminine
myxine, feminine
myxomatose, feminine
nacaire, feminine
nacelle, feminine
nadejda, feminine
nafc, feminine
khalistan, masculine
khammès, masculine
khammessat, masculine
khamsin, masculine
khan, masculine
khanat, masculine
kharijisme, masculine
khat, masculine
khédivat, masculine
khépesh, masculine
khey, masculine
khi, masculine
kho, masculine
khôl, masculine
khopesh, masculine
kialing, masculine
kibboutz, masculine
kibick, masculine
kibioctet, masculine
kibitka, masculine
kickboxeur, masculine
kicker, masculine
kid, masculine
kidnappage, masculine
kidnappeur, masculine
kief, masculine
kieselguhr, masculine
kif, masculine
kiki, masculine
kikongo, masculine
kikuyu, masculine
kil, masculine
kilo, masculine
kiloampère, masculine
kilocycle, masculine
kiloélectronvolt, masculine
kilogrammètre, masculine
kilokatal, masculine
kilooctet, masculine
kilovolt, masculine
kilowatt, masculine
kilowattheure, masculine
kilt, masculine
kimbanguisme, masculine
kimchi, masculine
kincajou, masculine
kinétochore, masculine
kinétoplastidé, masculine
kinkajou, masculine
kinois, masculine
kinovate, masculine
kinshasa, masculine
kinyarwanda, masculine
kir, masculine
kirpan, masculine
kirsch, masculine
kisdé, masculine
kissel, masculine
kitch, masculine
kitcisakik, masculine
kitesurf, masculine
kitsch, masculine
kleenex, masculine
klephte, masculine
klezmer, masculine
klingon, masculine
knicker, masculine
knickerbocker, masculine
knickerbockers, masculine
knickers, masculine
knout, masculine
ko, masculine
koan, masculine
kobold, masculine
kogo, masculine
koï, masculine
kolkhozien, masculine
kombu, masculine
komintern, masculine
kommando, masculine
konkani, masculine
konzo, masculine
kopeck, masculine
koppa, masculine
korrigan, masculine
kosovar, masculine
kot, masculine
koto, masculine
kouban, masculine
kouglof, masculine
koulack, masculine
koulak, masculine
koulibiac, masculine
koulibiak, masculine
koumis, masculine
kourtchatovium, masculine
košice, masculine
kpê, masculine
kraï, masculine
krak, masculine
kremlin, masculine
kreuzer, masculine
krewe, masculine
krill, masculine
kronprinz, masculine
ksar, masculine
ksi, masculine
ku, masculine
kugelhof, masculine
kummel, masculine
kumquat, masculine
kvas, masculine
kwaito, masculine
kwango, masculine
kwashiorkor, masculine
kyat, masculine
kyiv, masculine
kylian, masculine
kymographe, masculine
kymrique, masculine
kyrie, masculine
laaouni, masculine
labarum, masculine
labdanum, masculine
labferment, masculine
labium, masculine
labné, masculine
labo, masculine
laborantin, masculine
laboreur, masculine
labourage, masculine
laboureur, masculine
labradorien, masculine
labre, masculine
labrea, masculine
labyrinthodon, masculine
labyrinthodonte, masculine
lâchage, masculine
lâcher, masculine
lâcheur, masculine
lacis, masculine
laconisme, masculine
lacrosse, masculine
lacrymo, masculine
lacs, masculine
lactaire, masculine
lactame, masculine
lactarium, masculine
lactate, masculine
lactobacille, masculine
lactodensimètre, masculine
lactoflavine, masculine
lactomètre, masculine
lactoremplaceur, masculine
lactucarium, masculine
lad, masculine
ladanum, masculine
ladin, masculine
ladino, masculine
laforce, masculine
lagide, masculine
lagniappe, masculine
lagomorphe, masculine
lagon, masculine
laguiole, masculine
lagunage, masculine
lahan, masculine
lai, masculine
laïc, masculine
laïcat, masculine
naïade, feminine
nakba, feminine
namibienne, feminine
namuroise, feminine
nanami, feminine
nancéienne, feminine
nancy, masculine
nandrolone, feminine
lainage, masculine
lainier, masculine
laitier, masculine
laïus, masculine
lakh, masculine
lakhdar, masculine
lalé, masculine
lamaïsme, masculine
lamantin, masculine
lamarckien, masculine
lamarckisme, masculine
lambda, masculine
lambdacisme, masculine
lambège, masculine
lambel, masculine
lambert, masculine
lambertisme, masculine
lambic, masculine
lambin, masculine
lambrequin, masculine
lambswool, masculine
lamellibranche, masculine
lamellipode, masculine
lamento, masculine
lamier, masculine
laminage, masculine
lamineur, masculine
laminoir, masculine
lampadaire, masculine
lampas, masculine
lampion, masculine
lampiste, masculine
nanette, feminine
nankin, masculine
nanobiotechnologie, feminine
nanocandela, feminine
nanocandéla, feminine
nanocéphalie, feminine
nanocormie, feminine
nanoélectrode, feminine
nanoéponge, feminine
nanomanipulation, feminine
nanomélie, feminine
nanoparticule, feminine
nanopoudre, feminine
nanopuce, feminine
nanorobotique, feminine
nanoscopie, feminine
nanoseconde, feminine
nanotechnologie, feminine
nanotribologie, feminine
nanovoiture, feminine
nantaise, feminine
naours, feminine
naphta, feminine
napoléone, feminine
narbonnaise, feminine
narcéine, feminine
narcomanie, feminine
narcothérapie, feminine
narcotine, feminine
nargeolet, masculine
narille, feminine
narioo, masculine
narratologie, feminine
nas, feminine
nasalité, feminine
nasse, feminine
natalie, feminine
natela, feminine
nativité, feminine
natrémie, feminine
natrolite, feminine
natsuko, feminine
natsumi, feminine
naturalisation, feminine
lancelot, masculine
lancer, masculine
lancier, masculine
lancinement, masculine
lançon, masculine
land, masculine
landau, masculine
landaulet, masculine
landgrave, masculine
landgraviat, masculine
naturalité, feminine
naumachie, feminine
naupathie, feminine
nauscopie, feminine
nausicaa, feminine
nautilite, feminine
nautonière, feminine
navigatrice, feminine
navrance, feminine
navrure, feminine
nazaré, feminine
nazie, feminine
nazification, feminine
ndt, feminine
né, feminine
néapolis, feminine
néarthrose, feminine
nébulisation, feminine
necm, feminine
nécridie, feminine
nécro, feminine
nécrobie, feminine
nécrolyse, feminine
nécromancienne, feminine
nécromasse, feminine
nécrophilie, feminine
nécropsie, feminine
négativité, feminine
négatrice, feminine
négentropie, feminine
négo, feminine
négociante, feminine
négociatrice, feminine
négraille, feminine
négritude, feminine
néguentropie, feminine
nématologie, feminine
némophile, feminine
nénaine, feminine
nénette, feminine
néoconservatrice, feminine
néolamarckienne, feminine
néolibérale, feminine
néologie, feminine
néomortalité, feminine
néomycine, feminine
néonatalogie, feminine
néonatologie, feminine
néoplasie, feminine
néoplastie, feminine
néoplatonicienne, feminine
néorickettsie, feminine
néottie, feminine
népalaise, feminine
népéta, feminine
népétalactone, feminine
népète, feminine
néphéline, feminine
néphélométrie, feminine
néphridie, feminine
néphrite, feminine
néphrographie, feminine
néphropathie, feminine
néphropexie, feminine
néphrose, feminine
néphrotoxicité, feminine
néphrotoxine, feminine
népouite, feminine
néréide, feminine
nérine, feminine
nérite, feminine
nerte, feminine
nervation, feminine
nervure, feminine
nescience, feminine
nésille, feminine
nétiquette, feminine
nettoyeuse, feminine
neurépine, feminine
neurinome, feminine
neurobiochimie, feminine
neurochimie, feminine
neurodiversité, feminine
neurofibrille, feminine
neurofibromatose, feminine
neurogenèse, feminine
neuroglobine, feminine
neurolinguistique, feminine
neuromélanine, feminine
neurophilosophie, feminine
neuroplasticité, feminine
neuropsychiatrie, feminine
neuroradiologie, feminine
neuroréhabilitation, feminine
neurosécrétion, feminine
neurothéologie, feminine
neurotomie, feminine
neurotransmission, feminine
neurula, feminine
neutrographie, feminine
neutronographie, feminine
neuvaine, feminine
névrodermite, feminine
névroglie, feminine
névrographie, feminine
névropathie, feminine
névrotomie, feminine
newyorkaise, feminine
nganda, masculine
ngo, masculine
nguyen, masculine
nguyên, masculine
nice, feminine
nickéline, feminine
nickelure, feminine
nicopolis, feminine
nicouline, feminine
nictation, feminine
nictitation, feminine
nidation, feminine
nidification, feminine
niel, masculine
nielle, masculine
nième, masculine
nièvre, feminine
nigauderie, feminine
nigelle, feminine
nigelline, feminine
nigritelle, feminine
nigromance, feminine
nikita, masculine
nîmes, feminine
nîmoise, feminine
nimphe, feminine
nine, feminine
nineties, feminine
ninhydrine, feminine
ninive, feminine
niortaise, feminine
nioué, feminine
nippe, feminine
nippone, feminine
nipponne, feminine
nique, feminine
nismes, feminine
nissia, feminine
nitouche, feminine
nitratation, feminine
nitrière, feminine
nitrification, feminine
nitrine, feminine
nitrobenzine, feminine
nitrocellulose, feminine
nitrogénase, feminine
nitrosation, feminine
nitruration, feminine
nivation, feminine
niveleuse, feminine
nivéole, feminine
nivernaise, feminine
nivologie, feminine
nixe, feminine
nobilité, feminine
noceuse, feminine
noctiluque, feminine
noëlla, feminine
noémi, feminine
noirceur, feminine
noirette, feminine
noise, feminine
langagier, masculine
langar, masculine
lange, masculine
langlade, masculine
language, masculine
languedocien, masculine
laniel, masculine
laniste, masculine
lant, masculine
lantanier, masculine
lanterneau, masculine
lanternon, masculine
lanthanate, masculine
lanthanide, masculine
lantier, masculine
lanuéjols, masculine
lao, masculine
laocoon, masculine
lapement, masculine
lapineau, masculine
laquage, masculine
laqueur, masculine
laraire, masculine
larbin, masculine
larbinisme, masculine
larcin, masculine
lardier, masculine
lardu, masculine
lare, masculine
larfeuille, masculine
largage, masculine
largo, masculine
larguage, masculine
largue, masculine
larigot, masculine
larmichette, masculine
larmier, masculine
larvicide, masculine
laryngisme, masculine
laryngophone, masculine
laryngoscope, masculine
laryngospasme, masculine
lascar, masculine
laser, masculine
lassallisme, masculine
lasso, masculine
lasting, masculine
latanier, masculine
lathyrisme, masculine
laticlave, masculine
latif, masculine
latifundium, masculine
latinerie, masculine
latiniseur, masculine
latinisme, masculine
latino, masculine
latitudinarisme, masculine
latroncule, masculine
lattage, masculine
latté, masculine
lattis, masculine
laudanum, masculine
laudateur, masculine
launay, masculine
laurentides, masculine
laurentien, masculine
lavage, masculine
lavallois, masculine
lavandin, masculine
lavaret, masculine
lavatory, masculine
laveur, masculine
lavis, masculine
lavoir, masculine
lavomatique, masculine
laxisme, masculine
layon, masculine
lazaret, masculine
laze, masculine
lazzarone, masculine
lazzi, masculine
leader, masculine
leadership, masculine
leasing, masculine
lebel, masculine
leblanc, masculine
léchage, masculine
lèchement, masculine
lécheur, masculine
lectionnaire, masculine
lectorat, masculine
lectuaire, masculine
lecumberry, masculine
lécythe, masculine
lédar, masculine
lédène, masculine
lefevre, masculine
lefèvre, masculine
légalisme, masculine
légataire, masculine
legato, masculine
légato, masculine
legendre, masculine
légitimisme, masculine
lego, masculine
legs, masculine
légumier, masculine
lehri, masculine
léiomyome, masculine
lek, masculine
léman, masculine
lemme, masculine
lemnisque, masculine
lémonal, masculine
lémonol, masculine
lempira, masculine
lémure, masculine
lémurien, masculine
lénine, masculine
lens, masculine
lensois, masculine
lentigo, masculine
lentillon, masculine
lentiprisme, masculine
lentisque, masculine
léonais, masculine
léonce, masculine
léonor, masculine
lepénisme, masculine
lépidodendron, masculine
lépidoptère, masculine
lépisme, masculine
lépisostée, masculine
léprosé, masculine
lepton, masculine
leptospire, masculine
l'érable, masculine
lérot, masculine
lesbianisme, masculine
lesbisme, masculine
lessivage, masculine
lestage, masculine
letchi, masculine
lettrage, masculine
lettré, masculine
lettrisme, masculine
leu, masculine
leucippe, masculine
leucoblaste, masculine
leucome, masculine
leucopédèse, masculine
leucoxène, masculine
leurre, masculine
lev, masculine
levage, masculine
levantin, masculine
levesou, masculine
lévézou, masculine
léviathan, masculine
lévis, masculine
lévitique, masculine
lévométhorphane, masculine
levraut, masculine
levreau, masculine
lévulose, masculine
levurage, masculine
lgn, masculine
li, masculine
liage, masculine
liant, masculine
liard, masculine
libeccio, masculine
libelle, masculine
libellé, masculine
liber, masculine
libéraliste, masculine
libérien, masculine
libero, masculine
libéro, masculine
libertarien, masculine
libertarisme, masculine
libertinage, masculine
nôle, feminine
nolwenn, feminine
nomadisation, feminine
nominalisation, feminine
nominatrice, feminine
nominingue, feminine
nomographie, feminine
nomologie, feminine
nomura, masculine
nonnain, feminine
nonne, feminine
nonnette, feminine
noriko, feminine
norilsk, feminine
normale, feminine
normalienne, feminine
normalité, feminine
normativisation, feminine
normativité, feminine
normopathie, feminine
norne, feminine
norséthite, feminine
nosémose, feminine
nosographie, feminine
nostomanie, feminine
notabilité, feminine
notairesse, feminine
notification, feminine
notochorde, feminine
notonecte, feminine
notule, feminine
nouba, feminine
nouille, feminine
noune, feminine
nounou, feminine
novatrice, feminine
novlangue, feminine
noyeraie, feminine
nrf, feminine
nsdap, masculine
nubienne, feminine
nubilité, feminine
nucicultrice, feminine
nucléarité, feminine
nucléation, feminine
nucléine, feminine
nucléophilie, feminine
nucléosynthèse, feminine
nue, feminine
nuée, feminine
nuisette, feminine
nulle, feminine
nullification, feminine
numance, feminine
numérisation, feminine
numidie, feminine
nummulite, feminine
nunavoise, feminine
nunavutoise, feminine
nuncupation, feminine
nungeena, feminine
nupes, feminine
nuptialité, feminine
nutation, feminine
nyctale, feminine
nyctalopie, feminine
nymphette, feminine
nymphoplastie, feminine
nymphose, feminine
nymphotomie, feminine
oaci, feminine
oas, feminine
librettiste, masculine
libretto, masculine
libyen, masculine
libyque, masculine
licaréol, masculine
lichen, masculine
lichénate, masculine
lichénologie, masculine
licol, masculine
licou, masculine
licteur, masculine
lidar, masculine
liechtensteinois, masculine
lied, masculine
liement, masculine
lift, masculine
lifting, masculine
liftrage, masculine
ligablo, masculine
ligand, masculine
lignage, masculine
ligotage, masculine
ligurien, masculine
like, masculine
lilac, masculine
lillois, masculine
limage, masculine
limbe, masculine
limbes, masculine
limbourg, masculine
limbourgeois, masculine
limerick, masculine
limettier, masculine
limier, masculine
limitateur, masculine
limiteur, masculine
limivore, masculine
limnigraphe, masculine
limnimètre, masculine
limonadier, masculine
limonaire, masculine
limonier, masculine
limonoïde, masculine
limougeaud, masculine
limousin, masculine
limousinage, masculine
linéaire, masculine
linéament, masculine
liner, masculine
linga, masculine
lingala, masculine
lingam, masculine
linger, masculine
lingot, masculine
lingotin, masculine
linkage, masculine
lino, masculine
linoléum, masculine
linon, masculine
linot, masculine
linsang, masculine
linteau, masculine
liondent, masculine
lions, masculine
lipochrome, masculine
lipogramme, masculine
lipoïde, masculine
lipome, masculine
liposarcome, masculine
lipotrope, masculine
liquéfacteur, masculine
liquidambar, masculine
liquidateur, masculine
liron, masculine
lisbonnais, masculine
lisbonnin, masculine
liseré, masculine
liseur, masculine
lisier, masculine
l'islet, masculine
lisseur, masculine
listage, masculine
listel, masculine
listing, masculine
litage, masculine
litchfield, masculine
litchi, masculine
litham, masculine
lithien, masculine
lithocarpe, masculine
lithodome, masculine
lithotome, masculine
lithotriteur, masculine
obamania, feminine
obéance, feminine
obédience, feminine
obfuscation, feminine
obione, feminine
objectivation, feminine
objectrice, feminine
objurgation, feminine
oblation, feminine
oblature, feminine
obliquité, feminine
oblitération, feminine
obnubilation, feminine
obole, feminine
obsécration, feminine
obsèque, feminine
observabilité, feminine
observance, feminine
observatrice, feminine
obstétricienne, feminine
obtenteuse, feminine
obtention, feminine
obturation, feminine
obtusion, feminine
obusite, feminine
occase, feminine
occitanie, feminine
occlusive, feminine
occultation, feminine
occupante, feminine
océanide, feminine
océanne, feminine
ochlophilie, feminine
ochratoxine, feminine
ocon, masculine
octaédrite, feminine
octavonne, feminine
oculariste, masculine
odalisque, feminine
ode, feminine
odebrecht, masculine
odelette, feminine
odontoïde, feminine
odontostomatologie, feminine
odontothèque, feminine
oea, feminine
oecuménicité, feminine
œcumenopolis, feminine
œdomètre, feminine
oeillade, feminine
œillade, feminine
œillère, feminine
œillette, feminine
œnanthe, masculine
œnochoé, feminine
oenologie, feminine
œnométrie, feminine
œnothèque, feminine
œnothéracée, feminine
œsophagectomie, feminine
oestradiol, feminine
œuvrette, feminine
officialisation, feminine
officialité, feminine
officière, feminine
officine, feminine
ogawa, masculine
ogive, feminine
ohayon, masculine
oignonière, feminine
oise, feminine
oiselle, feminine
oisellerie, feminine
oit, feminine
o'keefe, masculine
oléacée, feminine
oléandomycine, feminine
oléicultrice, feminine
oléiculture, feminine
oléine, feminine
oléomargarine, feminine
oléométrie, feminine
oléone, feminine
oléorésine, feminine
oleuropéine, feminine
olexandrivsk, feminine
olfaction, feminine
oligoclase, feminine
oligodendroglie, feminine
oligomérisation, feminine
oligophrénie, feminine
oligothérapie, feminine
olivaie, feminine
oliveraie, feminine
olivète, feminine
olivette, feminine
olivine, feminine
olténie, feminine
olympiade, feminine
olympie, feminine
olympiques, feminine
ombelle, feminine
ombellifère, feminine
lithuanien, masculine
litron, masculine
litsam, masculine
litte, masculine
littéralisme, masculine
littérateur, masculine
liturgiste, masculine
livarot, masculine
live, masculine
livedo, masculine
livonien, masculine
livourne, masculine
livrel, masculine
lixiviat, masculine
lizier, masculine
llama, masculine
loader, masculine
lob, masculine
lobby, masculine
lobbying, masculine
lobe, masculine
local, masculine
localisateur, masculine
locateur, masculine
loch, masculine
lochaber, masculine
locotracteur, masculine
locule, masculine
loden, masculine
lodge, masculine
lœss, masculine
logeur, masculine
logicisme, masculine
logigramme, masculine
logis, masculine
logisticien, masculine
logo, masculine
logogramme, masculine
logographe, masculine
logogriphe, masculine
logorrhée, masculine
logudorais, masculine
loiret, masculine
loisirs, masculine
lojban, masculine
lollard, masculine
lolo, masculine
long, masculine
longane, masculine
longanier, masculine
longchamp, masculine
longeron, masculine
longicorne, masculine
longueillois, masculine
longueuillois, masculine
looch, masculine
look, masculine
lookbook, masculine
looping, masculine
lophophore, masculine
lopin, masculine
lorgnon, masculine
lori, masculine
lorient, masculine
lorientais, masculine
loriquet, masculine
lorry, masculine
los, masculine
loser, masculine
lotbinière, masculine
lotier, masculine
lotissement, masculine
loto, masculine
louage, masculine
louangeur, masculine
louba, masculine
loubard, masculine
louchébem, masculine
loucheur, masculine
loueur, masculine
loufiat, masculine
lougre, masculine
louisianais, masculine
louisianien, masculine
loukoum, masculine
loulou, masculine
loupiot, masculine
lourdaud, masculine
loustic, masculine
louvetier, masculine
louvre, masculine
louÿs, masculine
lové, masculine
lovelace, masculine
ombrie, feminine
ombrine, feminine
omc, feminine
omerta, feminine
omm, feminine
ommatidie, feminine
omnibienveillance, feminine
omnibienveillante, feminine
omphalectomie, feminine
ompi, feminine
ompraret, masculine
oms, feminine
onagracée, feminine
onagre, masculine
onchocercose, feminine
oncoprotéine, feminine
oncosphère, feminine
onction, feminine
ondelette, feminine
ondine, feminine
ondioline, feminine
ondulation, feminine
onglerie, feminine
oniomanie, feminine
onirologie, feminine
oniromancie, feminine
oniromancienne, feminine
onirothérapie, feminine
onomasiologie, feminine
onomatologie, feminine
ontarienne, feminine
ontogénéticienne, feminine
ontogénie, feminine
ontologiste, masculine
onychomycose, feminine
onychophagie, feminine
oogamie, feminine
oogenèse, feminine
oologie, feminine
oophagie, feminine
oophoridie, feminine
oophorite, feminine
oosphère, feminine
oosporose, feminine
oothèque, feminine
opa, feminine
opacification, feminine
opacimétrie, feminine
opacité, feminine
opalisation, feminine
opatrny, masculine
opep, feminine
opératrice, feminine
opercule, feminine
ophiographie, feminine
ophiolâtrie, feminine
ophiolite, feminine
ophiologie, feminine
ophiotoxine, feminine
ophite, masculine
ophiure, feminine
ophtalmie, feminine
opiane, feminine
opiomanie, feminine
opiorphine, feminine
opisthosome, feminine
opothérapie, feminine
opposabilité, feminine
opposante, feminine
oppresseuse, feminine
opticité, feminine
optimalité, feminine
optimisation, feminine
optoélectronique, feminine
optronique, feminine
opulence, feminine
oque, feminine
oralisation, feminine
oralité, feminine
oranaise, feminine
orangeade, feminine
orangeraie, feminine
orbitale, feminine
orbitographie, feminine
orcades, feminine
orcadienne, feminine
orcanète, feminine
orcanette, feminine
orcéine, feminine
orcel, masculine
orchestration, feminine
orchestratrice, feminine
orchialgie, feminine
orchidectomie, feminine
orchite, feminine
orcine, feminine
ordinarité, feminine
ordination, feminine
ordonnatrice, feminine
ordonnée, feminine
oréade, feminine
orée, feminine
orfraie, feminine
organelle, feminine
organocatalyse, feminine
organologie, feminine
organothérapie, feminine
orgues, feminine
oriège, feminine
orienteuse, feminine
oriflamme, feminine
orléanaise, feminine
orne, masculine
ornithochorie, feminine
ornithogale, feminine
ornithomancie, feminine
ornithophilie, feminine
orobanche, feminine
orogénie, feminine
oronge, feminine
orphie, feminine
orpustan, masculine
orsec, feminine
orseille, feminine
orthocinèse, feminine
orthodentine, feminine
orthodiagraphie, feminine
orthodontie, feminine
orthodromie, feminine
orthogenèse, feminine
orthogénie, feminine
orthogonalisation, feminine
orthogonalité, feminine
orthographieuse, feminine
orthokératologie, feminine
orthokinèse, feminine
orthomorphie, feminine
orthophonie, feminine
orthophotographie, feminine
orthopraxie, feminine
orthoptie, feminine
orthoscopie, feminine
orthose, feminine
orthosie, feminine
orvale, feminine
oryctognosie, feminine
oryctologie, feminine
oscillaire, feminine
oscillographie, feminine
oscillométrie, feminine
osculation, feminine
oslo, feminine
osmolalité, feminine
osmolarité, feminine
osmométrie, feminine
osmonde, feminine
osmotrophie, feminine
osséine, feminine
ossification, feminine
ostéalgie, feminine
ostéite, feminine
ostéocalcine, feminine
ostéochondrite, feminine
ostéochondromatose, feminine
ostéochondrose, feminine
ostéoclasie, feminine
ostéocolle, feminine
ostéodynie, feminine
ostéodystrophie, feminine
ostéoformation, feminine
ostéolyse, feminine
ostéomalacie, feminine
ostéomyélite, feminine
ostéonécrose, feminine
ostéophyte, feminine
ostéoplastie, feminine
ostéose, feminine
ostéosynthèse, feminine
ostéotomie, feminine
ostie, feminine
ostiole, masculine
ostracisation, feminine
ostréicultrice, feminine
ostréiculture, feminine
ostrogothe, feminine
ota, masculine
otalgie, feminine
otan, feminine
otarie, feminine
otite, feminine
otoconie, feminine
otographie, feminine
otologie, feminine
otoplastie, feminine
otorhinolaryngologie, feminine
otorragie, feminine
otorrhée, feminine
otospongiose, feminine
ottawa, feminine
ottomane, feminine
ouachita, feminine
ouaki, masculine
oualalou, masculine
ouananiche, feminine
ouangani, feminine
ouaterie, feminine
oublie, feminine
ouchanka, feminine
oudet, masculine
ouellet, masculine
ouellette, masculine
ouerbou, masculine
ougandaise, feminine
ouiche, feminine
ouralsk, feminine
lovés, masculine
low, masculine
loyalisme, masculine
luberon, masculine
lucane, masculine
lucas, masculine
lucheux, masculine
lucimètre, masculine
luddisme, masculine
luddite, masculine
ludion, masculine
ludisme, masculine
luffa, masculine
lugeur, masculine
lugol, masculine
lumignon, masculine
luminaire, masculine
luminisme, masculine
luminophore, masculine
lump, masculine
lunch, masculine
lunetier, masculine
lunettier, masculine
lupanar, masculine
lupeux, masculine
lupin, masculine
lupuline, masculine
luron, masculine
lusin, masculine
lusitanien, masculine
lussion, masculine
lustrage, masculine
lutécien, masculine
lutétate, masculine
lutétien, masculine
lutétium, masculine
luthérien, masculine
luthier, masculine
lutrin, masculine
lutz, masculine
luxembourgisme, masculine
luxemburgisme, masculine
luxmètre, masculine
luy, masculine
lycaonien, masculine
lycénidé, masculine
lycophron, masculine
lycopode, masculine
lycra, masculine
lycurgue, masculine
lymphatisme, masculine
lymphoblaste, masculine
lymphocyte, masculine
lynchage, masculine
lyophilisat, masculine
lyrisme, masculine
lysandre, masculine
lysat, masculine
lysergamide, masculine
lysergide, masculine
lysias, masculine
lysimaque, masculine
lysimètre, masculine
lysol, masculine
lysosome, masculine
lysozyme, masculine
lyssenkisme, masculine
maastrichtien, masculine
mac, masculine
macadam, masculine
macaire, masculine
macamic, masculine
macaronage, masculine
macassar, masculine
macbook, masculine
maccarthysme, masculine
macchab, masculine
macchabée, masculine
macchiato, masculine
macdo, masculine
maceron, masculine
macfarlane, masculine
machaon, masculine
mâchefer, masculine
mâchement, masculine
mâcheur, masculine
machicoulis, masculine
mâchicoulis, masculine
machinateur, masculine
machinisme, masculine
machisme, masculine
machmètre, masculine
mâchonnement, masculine
macintosh, masculine
macis, masculine
mackendy, masculine
maclage, masculine
macramé, masculine
mâcre, masculine
macrobe, masculine
macrocellule, masculine
macrocosme, masculine
macrocristal, masculine
macrocyste, masculine
macrocyte, masculine
macroélément, masculine
macrofossile, masculine
macrogamète, masculine
macron, masculine
macronisme, masculine
macroscélide, masculine
macroscélidé, masculine
macroséisme, masculine
macrosporange, masculine
oursinade, feminine
oursonne, feminine
oustric, masculine
outrance, feminine
ouvreuse, feminine
ouwarovite, feminine
ovalbumine, feminine
ovalie, feminine
ovalisation, feminine
ovariectomie, feminine
ovariotomie, feminine
ovarite, feminine
ovation, feminine
overdose, feminine
oviparité, feminine
ovniologie, feminine
ovologie, feminine
ovovitelline, feminine
ovoviviparité, feminine
oxalémie, feminine
oxalurie, feminine
oxfordienne, feminine
oxime, feminine
oxycarbonémie, feminine
oxychloration, feminine
oxydase, feminine
oxydoréductase, feminine
oxydoréduction, feminine
oxygénase, feminine
oxygénation, feminine
oxyhémoglobine, feminine
oxymétrie, feminine
oxyurose, feminine
oyhénart, masculine
ozanam, masculine
ozocérite, feminine
ozokérite, feminine
ozon, masculine
ozonisation, feminine
ozonolyse, feminine
ozonosphère, feminine
ozun, masculine
p*tain, feminine
pac, feminine
paca, feminine
pacane, feminine
pachebat, masculine
pachéra, masculine
pachère, masculine
pacheu, masculine
pachole, feminine
pachyblépharose, feminine
pachydermie, feminine
pachyptile, feminine
pacotille, feminine
padine, feminine
padna, feminine
paélia, feminine
paella, feminine
paëlla, feminine
paf, masculine
pagaïe, feminine
pagaye, feminine
pagès, masculine
pagèze, masculine
paidologie, feminine
paigt, masculine
pailhac, masculine
pailhé, masculine
paillanave, masculine
paillassa, masculine
paillasse, masculine
paillette, feminine
paillous, masculine
pairesse, feminine
pairie, feminine
paisson, feminine
palabres, feminine
palæstine, feminine
palangre, feminine
palanque, masculine
palaos, feminine
palas, masculine
palatalisation, feminine
palatine, feminine
palatite, feminine
palatoplastie, feminine
palay, masculine
pale, feminine
palé, masculine
palengat, masculine
paléoastronomie, feminine
paléobiochimie, feminine
paléobiogéographie, feminine
paléoclimatologie, feminine
paléocoprologie, feminine
paléoécologie, feminine
paléogéographie, feminine
paléohistologie, feminine
paléoichnologie, feminine
paléologie, feminine
paléoneurologie, feminine
paléopathologie, feminine
paléosismologie, feminine
paléozoologie, feminine
palestre, feminine
palethnologie, feminine
paletou, masculine
palharés, masculine
palhassar, masculine
palinodie, feminine
palis, masculine
palisse, masculine
palix, masculine
pallas, masculine
pallidectomie, feminine
palmacée, feminine
palmature, feminine
palmeraie, feminine
palmette, feminine
palmine, feminine
palmitine, feminine
maculage, masculine
macvin, masculine
madapolam, masculine
madaure, masculine
madras, masculine
madré, masculine
madrépore, masculine
madrid, masculine
madrigal, masculine
maël, masculine
maelström, masculine
maëlstrom, masculine
maestro, masculine
mafé, masculine
maffioso, masculine
mafieux, masculine
mafioso, masculine
magasinage, masculine
magdaléon, masculine
magdebourg, masculine
mage, masculine
maghzen, masculine
magister, masculine
magistère, masculine
magma, masculine
magmat, masculine
magmatisme, masculine
magnacide, masculine
magnanier, masculine
magnat, masculine
magnétar, masculine
magnétiseur, masculine
magnétocassette, masculine
magnétomètre, masculine
magnétomoteur, masculine
magnéton, masculine
magnétorécepteur, masculine
magnétosome, masculine
magnétotactisme, masculine
magnétron, masculine
magnum, masculine
magouillage, masculine
magouilleur, masculine
magret, masculine
mahagoni, masculine
mahamudu, masculine
maharadja, masculine
maharadjah, masculine
maharajah, masculine
maharashtrien, masculine
mahatma, masculine
mahdi, masculine
maheutre, masculine
mahmoud, masculine
mahometan, masculine
mahonia, masculine
mahout, masculine
mahratte, masculine
maïakovskien, masculine
maïeur, masculine
maïeuticien, masculine
maigre, masculine
mail, masculine
mailing, masculine
maillage, masculine
maillechort, masculine
mainate, masculine
mainframe, masculine
mainteneur, masculine
maïorat, masculine
maitre, masculine
maj, masculine
majorat, masculine
majordome, masculine
majorquais, masculine
makensy, masculine
makenzy, masculine
makher, masculine
makhzen, masculine
maki, masculine
makila, masculine
makimono, masculine
makizushi, masculine
malabar, masculine
malacoptérygien, masculine
malacostracé, masculine
malaga, masculine
malaisien, masculine
palmyre, feminine
palmyrène, masculine
palmyrénienne, feminine
paloc, masculine
paloise, feminine
palombe, feminine
palomé, masculine
paloque, masculine
palou, masculine
paloumé, masculine
paloumet, masculine
palourde, feminine
palu, masculine
paluche, feminine
paludine, feminine
paludologie, feminine
palynologie, feminine
palytoxine, feminine
pambrun, masculine
pâmoison, feminine
pampangue, feminine
pampelune, feminine
pampille, feminine
panachure, feminine
panade, feminine
panaméenne, feminine
panassac, masculine
panatié, masculine
panchard, masculine
panclastite, feminine
pancréatine, feminine
pancréatite, feminine
pandecte, feminine
pandélé, masculine
pandélés, masculine
pandellé, masculine
pandiculation, feminine
pandore, masculine
panenthéisme, feminine
paneterie, feminine
panetière, feminine
panhard, masculine
panière, feminine
panification, feminine
panmixie, feminine
panoplie, feminine
panosse, feminine
panphobie, feminine
panspermie, feminine
pantachie, feminine
pantalonnade, feminine
panthéonisation, feminine
pantogamie, feminine
pantone, feminine
panure, feminine
paonne, feminine
papamobile, feminine
paparemborde, masculine
papavérine, feminine
papelèbe, masculine
paperasserie, feminine
papesse, feminine
papille, feminine
papillote, feminine
papinade, feminine
papineauville, feminine
papite, feminine
papon, masculine
papouasie, feminine
papoue, feminine
papouille, feminine
papule, feminine
papuy, masculine
papyrologie, feminine
paquaa, masculine
paqueteuse, feminine
parabase, feminine
parabiose, feminine
parabolicité, feminine
paracentèse, feminine
paraclèse, feminine
paracoloise, feminine
paracompacité, feminine
paracorole, feminine
paracorolle, feminine
paracousie, feminine
paracyésie, feminine
paradeuse, feminine
paradounaise, feminine
parafiscalité, feminine
paragangliome, feminine
paragenèse, feminine
paragénèse, feminine
parages, masculine
parageustie, feminine
paraglosse, feminine
paraison, feminine
parakératose, feminine
paralampsie, feminine
paralarve, feminine
paralaurionite, feminine
paralbumine, feminine
paralittérature, feminine
parallèle, masculine
parallèlisation, feminine
parallélisation, feminine
paralogie, feminine
paralympienne, feminine
paramécie, feminine
paramentique, feminine
paramétrisation, feminine
paramnésie, feminine
paramorphose, feminine
paramutation, feminine
paranatation, feminine
paranomase, feminine
parapectine, feminine
parapharmacie, feminine
paraphénylènediamine, feminine
paraphernalité, feminine
paraphraseuse, feminine
paraphrénie, feminine
paraphylie, feminine
paraphyse, feminine
parapleure, feminine
paraplexie, feminine
parapsychologie, feminine
pararickettsie, feminine
parasange, feminine
parascève, feminine
parasélène, masculine
parasexualité, feminine
parasitémie, feminine
paraskevidékatriaphobie, feminine
parasomnie, feminine
malandrin, masculine
malard, masculine
malart, masculine
malartic, masculine
malaury, masculine
malawien, masculine
malaxage, masculine
malaxeur, masculine
malayalam, masculine
malbâti, masculine
malbeck, masculine
maldivien, masculine
maléate, masculine
malécite, masculine
maléfice, masculine
malékisme, masculine
malentendant, masculine
malfrat, masculine
malin, masculine
malingreux, masculine
malinké, masculine
malléus, masculine
malotru, masculine
malouin, masculine
malpoli, masculine
malstrom, masculine
maltage, masculine
malteur, masculine
malthusianisme, masculine
maltose, masculine
malware, masculine
mamamouchi, masculine
mamba, masculine
mambo, masculine
mamelouk, masculine
mameluk, masculine
mammatus, masculine
mammogramme, masculine
mammout, masculine
mamoudou, masculine
mana, masculine
management, masculine
manager, masculine
manageur, masculine
manant, masculine
manassé, masculine
manceau, masculine
mancenillier, masculine
mancheron, masculine
manchon, masculine
mandala, masculine
mandarinat, masculine
mandarinier, masculine
mandataire, masculine
mandchou, masculine
mandchoukouo, masculine
mandéisme, masculine
mandement, masculine
mandrill, masculine
mandrin, masculine
manége, masculine
mânes, masculine
maneton, masculine
manga, masculine
manganate, masculine
mangeur, masculine
mangonneau, masculine
mangoustan, masculine
mangoustanier, masculine
manhua, masculine
manhwa, masculine
manichéen, masculine
manicorde, masculine
manicou, masculine
manicouagan, masculine
maniement, masculine
maniérisme, masculine
maniériste, masculine
manieur, masculine
manifold, masculine
manillon, masculine
manipulateur, masculine
manipule, masculine
manitobain, masculine
maniwaki, masculine
mannane, masculine
mannequinat, masculine
mannois, masculine
mannose, masculine
manœuvrier, masculine
manographe, masculine
manoir, masculine
manouchian, masculine
manoukian, masculine
mans, masculine
mansard, masculine
mansionnaire, masculine
mantelet, masculine
manubrium, masculine
manuterge, masculine
manx, masculine
manxois, masculine
manzanilla, masculine
mao, masculine
maori, masculine
parasynonymie, feminine
parasynthèse, feminine
parataxe, feminine
paratextualité, feminine
parathormone, feminine
parathyroïde, feminine
parathyroïdie, feminine
paratomie, feminine
paratuberculose, feminine
paratyphoïde, feminine
paraysienne, feminine
parcelle, feminine
parcellisation, feminine
parcimonie, feminine
pardelle, feminine
pardiac, masculine
pardies, masculine
pareilh, masculine
parélie, feminine
parente, feminine
parentèle, feminine
parésie, feminine
parfumerie, feminine
parfumeuse, feminine
pargade, masculine
parhélie, feminine
paries, masculine
pariès, masculine
pariétaire, feminine
pariétine, feminine
pariétopleure, feminine
parieuse, feminine
parignargues, masculine
parigote, feminine
parisome, feminine
parka, masculine
parkérisation, feminine
parlabilité, feminine
parleuse, feminine
parlote, feminine
parloteuse, feminine
parlure, feminine
parodontose, feminine
parolière, feminine
paronomase, feminine
paronyme, feminine
paronymie, feminine
parotide, feminine
parotidectomie, feminine
parotidite, feminine
parousie, feminine
parqueterie, feminine
parqueteuse, feminine
parqueuse, feminine
parrau, masculine
parraut, masculine
partageuse, feminine
partance, feminine
parthénogenèse, feminine
parthénogénèse, feminine
parthénope, feminine
participante, feminine
particratie, feminine
particularisation, feminine
partisane, feminine
partitocratie, feminine
partoche, feminine
partouse, feminine
partouzarde, feminine
partouze, feminine
partschinite, feminine
parturiente, feminine
party, masculine
parulie, feminine
paruline, feminine
parure, feminine
parurerie, feminine
pasargades, feminine
pasionaria, feminine
passacaille, feminine
passagère, feminine
passation, feminine
passegarde, feminine
passementerie, feminine
passerage, feminine
passerine, feminine
passerinette, feminine
passerose, feminine
passette, feminine
passeuse, feminine
passibilité, feminine
passiflore, feminine
passivité, feminine
pastenade, feminine
pastenague, feminine
pasticheuse, feminine
pastification, feminine
pastoresse, feminine
pastourelle, feminine
pat, masculine
patache, feminine
pataphysicienne, feminine
pataphysique, feminine
pataterie, feminine
pataugeoire, feminine
patch, feminine
pâtée, feminine
patelle, feminine
maous, masculine
mappage, masculine
maquerellage, masculine
maquignon, masculine
maquillage, masculine
maquilleur, masculine
maquisard, masculine
marabout, masculine
maraboutisme, masculine
maraîchage, masculine
maraîcher, masculine
marasquin, masculine
marathi, masculine
marathonien, masculine
maraud, masculine
maraudeur, masculine
marbré, masculine
marbrier, masculine
marcandier, masculine
marcassin, masculine
marcelin, masculine
marcellin, masculine
marchepied, masculine
marciac, masculine
marcottage, masculine
mardochée, masculine
maréchalat, masculine
marégraphe, masculine
maréomètre, masculine
mareyeur, masculine
marfouré, masculine
margay, masculine
marginal, masculine
marginalisme, masculine
margouillat, masculine
marguiller, masculine
marguillier, masculine
marigot, masculine
marimba, masculine
maringouin, masculine
marinier, masculine
marivaudage, masculine
mark, masculine
marketing, masculine
marmandais, masculine
marmonnement, masculine
marmot, masculine
marmotteur, masculine
marmouset, masculine
marneur, masculine
maroilles, masculine
maroquin, masculine
maroquinier, masculine
marouflage, masculine
maroufle, masculine
marqueteur, masculine
marqueur, masculine
marquisat, masculine
marquoir, masculine
marranisme, masculine
marronnage, masculine
marrube, masculine
marshallais, masculine
martagon, masculine
martel, masculine
martelage, masculine
martèlement, masculine
marteleur, masculine
martien, masculine
martinet, masculine
martiniquais, masculine
martyrologe, masculine
marwan, masculine
maryland, masculine
masago, masculine
mascara, masculine
mascaret, masculine
mascatais, masculine
masculin, masculine
masculinisme, masculine
maskinongé, masculine
patène, feminine
patenôtre, feminine
patère, feminine
pâtes, feminine
pathogénèse, feminine
pathomimie, feminine
patiente, feminine
patientèle, feminine
patine, feminine
patinette, feminine
pâtissière, feminine
patissoie, feminine
pâtissoie, feminine
pâtissoire, feminine
patouille, feminine
patristique, feminine
pattemouille, feminine
pâture, feminine
pauchouse, feminine
paupiette, feminine
pauvresse, feminine
pauvrette, feminine
pauvrophobie, feminine
pavane, feminine
payeuse, feminine
paysagéité, feminine
pc, feminine
pdp, feminine
péagère, feminine
pébrine, feminine
peccadille, feminine
pechblende, feminine
pêcherie, feminine
pecheur, masculine
pécore, feminine
pectine, feminine
pédaleuse, feminine
pedante, feminine
pédicelle, feminine
pédiculaire, feminine
pédiculose, feminine
pédicurie, feminine
pédipalpe, feminine
pédocriminelle, feminine
pédofaune, feminine
pédogenèse, feminine
pédologie, feminine
peeters, masculine
pegmatite, feminine
pègre, feminine
peigneuse, feminine
peilles, feminine
péjoration, feminine
pejvakine, feminine
péking, feminine
pékinoise, feminine
pelade, feminine
pélerine, feminine
pelisse, feminine
pellagre, feminine
pelletan, masculine
pelletée, feminine
pelleterie, feminine
pelleteuse, feminine
pelletière, feminine
pelletiérine, feminine
pellicules, feminine
pelta, feminine
pelure, feminine
pelvigraphie, feminine
penaille, feminine
pénalisation, feminine
pénalité, feminine
pendarde, feminine
pendélé, masculine
pendeloque, feminine
pendjabie, feminine
pendulette, feminine
penduline, feminine
pénectomie, feminine
pénélope, feminine
pénétrabilité, feminine
pénibilité, feminine
pénicillamine, feminine
pénicillinase, feminine
pénicilline, feminine
penne, feminine
pénologie, feminine
pension, feminine
maskné, masculine
masquage, masculine
massacreur, masculine
massala, masculine
massé, masculine
masséter, masculine
massicot, masculine
massicotier, masculine
massier, masculine
massiot, masculine
mastaba, masculine
master, masculine
mastère, masculine
masticage, masculine
masticateur, masculine
mastiff, masculine
mastoc, masculine
mastodonte, masculine
masturbateur, masculine
masurium, masculine
mat', masculine
matador, masculine
matage, masculine
matanga, masculine
matassin, masculine
matcha, masculine
mathis, masculine
matiérisme, masculine
matignon, masculine
mâtin, masculine
matinalier, masculine
mâtineau, masculine
matois, masculine
maton, masculine
matos, masculine
matraquage, masculine
matraqueur, masculine
matras, masculine
matroïde, masculine
mauricien, masculine
mauser, masculine
mauvis, masculine
mauzé, masculine
maxidiscompteur, masculine
maxillaire, masculine
maximalisme, masculine
maximillien, masculine
mayennais, masculine
mayeur, masculine
mayo, masculine
mayorat, masculine
mazandarani, masculine
mazout, masculine
mbalakh, masculine
mbalax, masculine
mbila, masculine
mcdo, masculine
mcwatters, masculine
mcx, masculine
mdn, masculine
méat, masculine
mébioctet, masculine
mécano, masculine
mécénat, masculine
méchant, masculine
méchoui, masculine
mecklembourgeois, masculine
méconate, masculine
mécréant, masculine
médailleur, masculine
médianoche, masculine
médiastin, masculine
médiator, masculine
médiévisme, masculine
médipôle, masculine
médium, masculine
médius, masculine
médoc, masculine
médoïde, masculine
médor, masculine
méfait, masculine
méga, masculine
mégaampère, masculine
mégabase, masculine
mégabecquerel, masculine
pentapole, feminine
pentarchie, feminine
penthode, feminine
pentode, feminine
péone, feminine
pépine, feminine
pépite, feminine
péponide, feminine
peptisation, feminine
peptone, feminine
péquenaude, feminine
percale, feminine
percaline, feminine
percée, feminine
perceptibilité, feminine
perceptrice, feminine
perdante, feminine
pérégrination, feminine
péremption, feminine
pérennisation, feminine
péréquation, feminine
perestroïka, feminine
perf, feminine
perfectibilité, feminine
perfidie, feminine
perforation, feminine
perforatrice, feminine
perforeuse, feminine
performativité, feminine
perfusion, feminine
péri, feminine
périclase, feminine
péricope, feminine
péridotite, feminine
péridurale, feminine
périgourdine, feminine
périlune, feminine
périlymphe, feminine
périnatalité, feminine
périnéorraphie, feminine
périodicité, feminine
périorbite, feminine
péripatéticienne, feminine
péripétie, feminine
périphlébite, feminine
périphrase, feminine
périploque, feminine
périssologie, feminine
péritonite, feminine
pérityphlite, feminine
périurbanisation, feminine
perlèche, feminine
perlite, feminine
perluète, feminine
permanganate, feminine
perméabilité, feminine
perméase, feminine
perméation, feminine
permissivité, feminine
permutabilité, feminine
permutation, feminine
pernamboucaine, feminine
perne, feminine
péronnelle, feminine
péroraison, feminine
pérovskite, feminine
peroxydase, feminine
péroxydase, feminine
perp, feminine
perpète, feminine
perpétration, feminine
perpette, feminine
perpétuanne, feminine
perpétuation, feminine
perpignanaise, feminine
perrau, masculine
perrault, masculine
perraut, masculine
perret, masculine
perrette, feminine
perrin, masculine
perruquière, feminine
persane, feminine
persécutrice, feminine
perséphone, feminine
persévération, feminine
persicaire, feminine
persifleuse, feminine
persillade, feminine
personnalisation, feminine
perspicacité, feminine
perspiration, feminine
pertinence, feminine
pertuisane, feminine
pervéance, feminine
pervenche, feminine
perversion, feminine
pesanteur, feminine
pescara, feminine
peseta, feminine
pesse, feminine
pessière, feminine
pestilence, feminine
pétanqueuse, feminine
pétarade, feminine
petase, feminine
pétaudière, feminine
pète, feminine
péteuse, feminine
petijean, masculine
petiote, feminine
petitesse, feminine
petitjean, masculine
pétoche, feminine
pétoire, feminine
pétoncle, masculine
petorca, masculine
pétrification, feminine
pétrochimie, feminine
pétrocorienne, feminine
pétrogenèse, feminine
pétrolette, feminine
pétroleuse, feminine
pétrolière, feminine
pétrolochimie, feminine
pétrologie, feminine
petronille, feminine
pétronille, feminine
pétulance, feminine
peuhle, feminine
peulhe, feminine
peuplade, feminine
peupleraie, feminine
peupleraye, feminine
peyrade, masculine
peyraud, masculine
peyrehorade, feminine
peyrevidal, masculine
peyrot, masculine
peyroutou, masculine
peyroutout, masculine
peysale, masculine
peysalle, masculine
peytavi, masculine
pézize, feminine
phagotrophie, feminine
phalangère, feminine
phalangette, feminine
phalangine, feminine
phalène, masculine
phalère, feminine
phalipou, masculine
phalline, feminine
phalloïdine, feminine
pham, masculine
phan, masculine
phanérogamie, feminine
phantasmagorie, feminine
pharma, feminine
pharmacochimie, feminine
pharmacocinétique, feminine
pharmacodynamie, feminine
pharmacodynamique, feminine
pharmacognosie, feminine
pharmacomanie, feminine
pharmacopœe, feminine
pharmacovigilance, feminine
pharos, feminine
pharyngectomie, feminine
pharyngite, feminine
pharyngostomie, feminine
phénakite, feminine
phénantroline, feminine
phénologie, feminine
phénylamine, feminine
phénylhydrazine, feminine
phéromone, feminine
phérormone, feminine
philippa, feminine
philippon, masculine
philippot, masculine
philippou, masculine
philo, feminine
philoctète, masculine
phlébectomie, feminine
phlébite, feminine
phlébologie, feminine
phlébotomie, feminine
phlogopite, feminine
phlyctène, feminine
phocée, feminine
phocénine, feminine
phoeniciculteuse, feminine
phoeniciculture, feminine
phœnicie, feminine
phœnicienne, feminine
pholérite, feminine
phonation, feminine
phonémique, feminine
phonéticienne, feminine
phoniatrie, feminine
phonogénie, feminine
phonographie, feminine
phonologisation, feminine
phonotactique, feminine
phonothèque, feminine
phosphatémie, feminine
phosphatidylsérine, feminine
phosphaturie, feminine
phosphoglycérate, feminine
phosphorescence, feminine
phosphorisation, feminine
photobiologie, feminine
photobombeuse, feminine
photocellule, feminine
photocomposeuse, feminine
photoconductivité, feminine
photocopie, feminine
photocyclisation, feminine
photodésintégration, feminine
photodétection, feminine
photoélectricité, feminine
photogénie, feminine
photoglyptie, feminine
photogrammétrie, feminine
photogravure, feminine
photolithogravure, feminine
photolyse, feminine
photomacrographie, feminine
photométrie, feminine
photomicrographie, feminine
photooxydation, feminine
photopériode, feminine
photopile, feminine
photopolymérisation, feminine
photopsie, feminine
photoréactivité, feminine
photosensibilisation, feminine
photosensibilité, feminine
phototaxie, feminine
photothèque, feminine
photothérapie, feminine
phototropine, feminine
phototypie, feminine
phraséologie, feminine
phraseuse, feminine
phratrie, feminine
phrygie, feminine
phtalamide, feminine
phtaléine, feminine
phtalocyanine, feminine
phtiriase, feminine
phtisie, feminine
phtisiologie, feminine
phung, masculine
phuong, masculine
phycoérythrine, feminine
phycologie, feminine
phycotoxine, feminine
phyllie, feminine
phyllotrachée, feminine
phylloxanthine, feminine
phylogenèse, feminine
phylogénèse, feminine
phylogénie, feminine
phylogéographie, feminine
phynance, feminine
physalie, feminine
physe, feminine
physicalisation, feminine
physicienne, feminine
physisorption, feminine
phytochélatine, feminine
phytodiversité, feminine
phytolaque, feminine
phytologie, feminine
phytoremédiation, feminine
phytotronie, feminine
piasse, feminine
piastre, feminine
piaule, feminine
picamare, feminine
picardo, masculine
picaresquité, feminine
picaridine, feminine
piccard, masculine
piccoli, masculine
pichade, feminine
pichenette, feminine
pichenotte, feminine
pichetto, masculine
pichonne, feminine
picole, feminine
picride, feminine
pictographie, feminine
piécette, feminine
piedmontite, feminine
pieiller, masculine
piérie, feminine
pierrade, feminine
pierraille, feminine
pierrelatte, feminine
pierreries, feminine
pierreuse, feminine
piétaille, feminine
piétonne, feminine
pietralunga, masculine
piézochimie, feminine
pigache, feminine
pige, feminine
pigne, feminine
piketty, masculine
pile, feminine
piline, feminine
pillarde, feminine
mégabyte, masculine
mégacéros, masculine
mégacôlon, masculine
mégacontinent, masculine
mégacosme, masculine
mégacoulomb, masculine
mégadésastre, masculine
mégaélectronvolt, masculine
mégaeuro, masculine
mégafichier, masculine
mégaflop, masculine
mégafragment, masculine
mégagramme, masculine
mégagray, masculine
mégaherbivore, masculine
mégajoule, masculine
mégakatal, masculine
mégalodon, masculine
mégalomartyr, masculine
mégalosaure, masculine
megam, masculine
mégamètre, masculine
mégamix, masculine
méganticois, masculine
mégaoctet, masculine
mégaohm, masculine
mégapascal, masculine
mégaphanérophyte, masculine
mégaphone, masculine
mégapixel, masculine
mégapode, masculine
mégaptère, masculine
mégascope, masculine
mégaséisme, masculine
mégastore, masculine
mégathère, masculine
mégathérium, masculine
mégatsunami, masculine
mégavolt, masculine
mégawatt, masculine
mégawattheure, masculine
méger, masculine
mégissier, masculine
mégohm, masculine
mégohmmètre, masculine
méhari, masculine
meistre, masculine
mékinac, masculine
melæna, masculine
mélam, masculine
mélampyre, masculine
mélanisme, masculine
mélasma, masculine
mélèce, masculine
méléna, masculine
mélia, masculine
mélilot, masculine
mélimélo, masculine
mélisme, masculine
mellah, masculine
mellonure, masculine
mélo, masculine
mélodica, masculine
mélodrame, masculine
mélophage, masculine
membron, masculine
membru, masculine
mème, masculine
mémento, masculine
mémo, masculine
mémorandum, masculine
mémorial, masculine
memphrémagog, masculine
ménadiol, masculine
ménagement, masculine
ménandre, masculine
menchevik, masculine
menchévik, masculine
mendélisme, masculine
meneau, masculine
ménechme, masculine
ménédème, masculine
ménestrel, masculine
ménétrier, masculine
ménière, masculine
menin, masculine
méningiome, masculine
méningocoque, masculine
ménisique, masculine
ménisque, masculine
mennonite, masculine
mennonitisme, masculine
ménologe, masculine
menon, masculine
menottage, masculine
mensiversaire, masculine
mental, masculine
menthène, masculine
menthol, masculine
mentor, masculine
menuet, masculine
méphitisme, masculine
méplat, masculine
meq, masculine
mercado, masculine
mercanti, masculine
mercantiliste, masculine
mercaptan, masculine
mercaptoéthanol, masculine
mercapture, masculine
mercaticien, masculine
mercato, masculine
merchandising, masculine
mercier, masculine
mercurate, masculine
mercurochrome, masculine
merdia, masculine
merdier, masculine
méreau, masculine
merengue, masculine
mérignac, masculine
mérigon, masculine
mérinos, masculine
mérion, masculine
piloche, feminine
piloselle, feminine
pimbêche, feminine
pimprenelle, feminine
pince, feminine
pincée, feminine
pincette, feminine
pinchinelle, feminine
pinçonnière, feminine
pine, feminine
pinède, feminine
pineraie, feminine
pingrerie, feminine
pinière, feminine
pinnule, feminine
pinocytose, feminine
pinotte, feminine
pionnière, feminine
pipelette, feminine
pipéracée, feminine
pipérade, feminine
pipérine, feminine
pipette, feminine
pipeuse, feminine
pipistrelle, feminine
piquette, feminine
piqure, feminine
piquure, feminine
piray, masculine
pirouette, feminine
piscicultrice, feminine
pisciculture, feminine
pisidie, feminine
pissaladière, feminine
pisse, feminine
pisseuse, feminine
pissière, feminine
pissotière, feminine
pistarde, feminine
pistoia, feminine
pistole, feminine
pitahaya, masculine
pitance, feminine
pitaya, masculine
pitoune, feminine
pitrerie, feminine
pituite, feminine
pive, feminine
pixellisation, feminine
pizzéria, feminine
placentation, feminine
placière, feminine
plagiocéphalie, feminine
plagioclase, feminine
plaideuse, feminine
plaidoirie, feminine
plaïe, feminine
plaisancière, feminine
plandémie, feminine
planéité, feminine
planère, feminine
planétarisation, feminine
planétologie, feminine
planimétrie, feminine
planogamie, feminine
planque, feminine
planteuse, feminine
plantule, feminine
planule, feminine
planure, feminine
plaquebière, feminine
plaquemine, feminine
plaquette, feminine
plasmogamie, feminine
plasmolyse, feminine
plasticienne, feminine
plastiqueuse, feminine
plastocyanine, feminine
plastronique, feminine
plasturgie, feminine
plate, feminine
platée, feminine
platinectomie, feminine
platinotypie, feminine
platitude, feminine
platon, masculine
méristème, masculine
merl, masculine
merlan, masculine
merlin, masculine
merlon, masculine
merlot, masculine
méropidé, masculine
mérou, masculine
mérozoïte, masculine
merrain, masculine
merrandier, masculine
mérycisme, masculine
mésaise, masculine
mésangeai, masculine
meschacébé, masculine
mesclun, masculine
mésembryanthème, masculine
mésenchyme, masculine
mésentère, masculine
mésityle, masculine
mésitylène, masculine
mesmérisme, masculine
mésoblaste, masculine
mésocarpe, masculine
mésocôlon, masculine
mésocosme, masculine
mésoécosystème, masculine
mésolecte, masculine
mésolithique, masculine
mésolobe, masculine
mésologarithme, masculine
mésomètre, masculine
mésomphale, masculine
meson, masculine
méson, masculine
mésoparasite, masculine
mésoparasitisme, masculine
mésophryon, masculine
mésopotamien, masculine
mésorectum, masculine
mésoscaphe, masculine
mésosome, masculine
mésosuchien, masculine
mésothélium, masculine
mésothorium, masculine
mésotron, masculine
mésozoïque, masculine
messaoui, masculine
messin, masculine
messire, masculine
messonnier, masculine
mestre, masculine
mesurage, masculine
mésusage, masculine
métabolome, masculine
métacarpien, masculine
métachromatisme, masculine
métachronisme, masculine
métadiscours, masculine
metal, masculine
métallier, masculine
métallo, masculine
métallocène, masculine
métamatériau, masculine
métaphosphate, masculine
métaplasme, masculine
métapode, masculine
métastannate, masculine
métatarsien, masculine
métayer, masculine
métazoaire, masculine
méteil, masculine
métencéphale, masculine
météoroïde, masculine
méthacroléine, masculine
méthacrylaldéhyde, masculine
méthadone, masculine
méthanal, masculine
méthanethiol, masculine
méthanier, masculine
méthanoate, masculine
méthanogène, masculine
méthional, masculine
méthodisme, masculine
méthol, masculine
méthotrexate, masculine
méthoxy, masculine
méthyl, masculine
méthylal, masculine
méthylbenzène, masculine
méthyle, masculine
méthylmercaptan, masculine
méthylmercure, masculine
méthylphénol, masculine
méthylpropane, masculine
méthylsilanetriol, masculine
méthylxanthine, masculine
métissage, masculine
métonyme, masculine
métoque, masculine
métrage, masculine
métreur, masculine
metribuzine, masculine
métricien, masculine
métropolitain, masculine
métropolite, masculine
métrosexuel, masculine
metteur, masculine
metz, masculine
meublé, masculine
meubles, masculine
meuglement, masculine
meulier, masculine
meulon, masculine
meursault, masculine
méz, masculine
mézail, masculine
mézéréon, masculine
mi, masculine
plâtreur, feminine
plâtrière, feminine
platycnémie, feminine
platykurticité, feminine
plausibilité, feminine
playlist, feminine
playon, feminine
pléiade, feminine
pléiotropie, feminine
plénitude, feminine
plésiomorphie, feminine
pléthore, feminine
pleurésie, feminine
pleureuse, feminine
pleurite, feminine
pleurnicherie, feminine
pleurnicheuse, feminine
pleurodynie, feminine
pleuronectidé, feminine
pleuropneumonie, feminine
pleurotomie, feminine
plieuse, feminine
plinthe, feminine
plisseuse, feminine
pliure, feminine
plombe, feminine
plombémie, feminine
plomberie, feminine
plombière, feminine
plomburie, feminine
plonge, feminine
plosion, feminine
plosive, feminine
plotte, feminine
plouha, feminine
pls, feminine
plumassière, feminine
plumule, feminine
pluridisciplinarité, feminine
pluripotence, feminine
pm, masculine
pme, feminine
pneumatologie, feminine
pneumatothérapie, feminine
pneumaturie, feminine
pneumectomie, feminine
pneumoconiose, feminine
pneumographie, feminine
pochade, feminine
pocharde, feminine
pochetronne, feminine
pochette, feminine
pochon, masculine
pôchouse, feminine
pochtronne, feminine
podagre, feminine
podaire, feminine
podorythmie, feminine
podzolisation, feminine
poele, feminine
poële, feminine
poêlée, feminine
poësie, feminine
pogu, masculine
poichichade, feminine
poigne, feminine
poilâne, masculine
poinçonneuse, feminine
pointure, feminine
poirée, feminine
poisse, feminine
poissonière, feminine
poissonnière, feminine
poitou, masculine
poivrade, feminine
poivronnade, feminine
poivrote, feminine
poix, feminine
polacca, feminine
polarimétrie, feminine
polarisabilité, feminine
polarographie, feminine
polémochorie, feminine
polémoniacée, feminine
polenta, feminine
polhodie, feminine
policière, feminine
polio, feminine
poliorcétique, feminine
poliose, feminine
polisseuse, feminine
polissonnerie, feminine
politicienne, feminine
politicologie, feminine
politisation, feminine
polka, feminine
pollakiurie, feminine
pollénine, feminine
pollestres, masculine
pollinisation, feminine
pollueuse, feminine
pollutaxe, feminine
polonistique, feminine
polonophone, masculine
polovtsienne, feminine
poly, masculine
polyaddition, feminine
polyadelphie, feminine
polyadelphine, feminine
miauleur, masculine
micaschiste, masculine
michael, masculine
miché, masculine
michigan, masculine
micmac, masculine
micro, masculine
microbicide, masculine
microbiote, masculine
microcalorimètre, masculine
microcinéma, masculine
microcircuit, masculine
microcontrôleur, masculine
microcosme, masculine
microcrédit, masculine
microcristal, masculine
microdegré, masculine
microécosystème, masculine
microélectrode, masculine
microélectronvolt, masculine
microélément, masculine
microflore, masculine
microfossile, masculine
microgal, masculine
microgamète, masculine
microglossaire, masculine
microgramme, masculine
microkatal, masculine
microlite, masculine
microlithe, masculine
microlithon, masculine
micrologiciel, masculine
micromanipulateur, masculine
micromécanisme, masculine
micromiroir, masculine
micromodule, masculine
micronageur, masculine
micronème, masculine
micronésien, masculine
micronutriment, masculine
microordinateur, masculine
micropénis, masculine
micropesanteur, masculine
microphage, masculine
microplastique, masculine
micropolluant, masculine
microprocesseur, masculine
microprogramme, masculine
microséisme, masculine
microsillon, masculine
microtome, masculine
microvoltage, masculine
microzooplancton, masculine
midol, masculine
midship, masculine
midshipman, masculine
miellat, masculine
mifepristone, masculine
miglos, masculine
mignon, masculine
mijanès, masculine
mikado, masculine
mike, masculine
mil, masculine
militant, masculine
militantisme, masculine
milkshake, masculine
millage, masculine
millepertuis, masculine
millerandage, masculine
millésime, masculine
millet, masculine
milliampèremètre, masculine
milliardième, masculine
millidegré, masculine
milliélectronvolt, masculine
millième, masculine
milligal, masculine
millihertz, masculine
millijoule, masculine
millikatal, masculine
millile, masculine
millilitre, masculine
millime, masculine
milliohm, masculine
millionième, masculine
millivoltmètre, masculine
milliwatt, masculine
miloud, masculine
miltiade, masculine
mime, masculine
minage, masculine
minbar, masculine
minéralier, masculine
minéraliste, masculine
minéralocorticoïde, masculine
minéralomasse, masculine
minerval, masculine
minestrone, masculine
minet, masculine
minibus, masculine
minicar, masculine
minimessage, masculine
minitel, masculine
minium, masculine
minnesinger, masculine
mino, masculine
minois, masculine
minoratif, masculine
polyamine, feminine
polyanthropie, feminine
polyarchie, feminine
polyarthrite, feminine
polycétone, feminine
polychète, feminine
polychimiothérapie, feminine
polycholie, feminine
polychroïte, feminine
polychromie, feminine
polycladie, feminine
polycopie, feminine
polycopieuse, feminine
polycratie, feminine
polycrise, feminine
polyculture, feminine
polydactylie, feminine
polydipsie, feminine
polydispersité, feminine
polyembryonie, feminine
polyergue, feminine
polygalactie, feminine
polygaline, feminine
polygenèse, feminine
polygénèse, feminine
polyglobulie, feminine
polygonacée, feminine
polygonation, feminine
polygonisation, feminine
polygonométrie, feminine
polygraphie, feminine
polygynandrie, feminine
polygynie, feminine
polyhydrite, feminine
polymastie, feminine
polymathie, feminine
polyménorrhée, feminine
polymérase, feminine
polymérie, feminine
polymyosite, feminine
polymythie, feminine
polynévrite, feminine
polyonychie, feminine
polyopie, feminine
polyphylie, feminine
polyploïdie, feminine
polyploïdisation, feminine
polypnée, feminine
polypose, feminine
polyradiculonévrite, feminine
polysarcie, feminine
polysialie, feminine
polysomie, feminine
polystélie, feminine
polysyndète, feminine
polysynodie, feminine
polysynthèse, feminine
polytechnicienne, feminine
polytechnique, feminine
polytélite, feminine
polytomie, feminine
polytonalité, feminine
polytropie, feminine
pomiculture, feminine
pommeraie, feminine
pomoculture, feminine
pomologie, feminine
pompélona, feminine
pomperie, feminine
pompeuse, feminine
pompey, feminine
pompière, feminine
ponce, masculine
ponceuse, feminine
ponction, feminine
pondaison, feminine
pondération, feminine
pondeuse, feminine
pontacq, feminine
ponte, masculine
ponteuse, feminine
pontière, feminine
pontivy, feminine
pontrieux, feminine
poo, feminine
popote, feminine
poppée, feminine
populace, feminine
populine, feminine
porcelainière, feminine
porchère, feminine
porn, feminine
porosité, feminine
porphyrine, feminine
portabilité, feminine
portance, feminine
porteuse, feminine
portoricaine, feminine
portraiture, feminine
pose, masculine
posidonie, feminine
minot, masculine
minotaure, masculine
minou, masculine
minutage, masculine
minuteur, masculine
minutier, masculine
miocène, masculine
mirabeau, masculine
mirandais, masculine
mirepech, masculine
mirereni, masculine
mirliton, masculine
mirmidon, masculine
mirobolant, masculine
miroitement, masculine
miroitier, masculine
mironton, masculine
miroton, masculine
misbaha, masculine
mischmétal, masculine
misérabilisme, masculine
miso, masculine
misonéisme, masculine
misoprostol, masculine
mispickel, masculine
missouri, masculine
mistake, masculine
mistère, masculine
mistigri, masculine
mistral, masculine
mitage, masculine
mitan, masculine
mitard, masculine
mithriacisme, masculine
mithridate, masculine
mithridatisme, masculine
miton, masculine
mitraillage, masculine
mitrailleur, masculine
mix, masculine
mixage, masculine
mixer, masculine
mixeur, masculine
mixtape, masculine
miyako, masculine
mns, masculine
mobutisme, masculine
mocassin, masculine
moco, masculine
modal, masculine
modélisateur, masculine
modélisme, masculine
modérantisme, masculine
moderato, masculine
modernisateur, masculine
modificateur, masculine
modulateur, masculine
modulor, masculine
moellon, masculine
moenkopi, masculine
mœuf, masculine
moffet, masculine
moghazni, masculine
mogo, masculine
mohair, masculine
mohamed, masculine
mohammed, masculine
mohisme, masculine
moinillon, masculine
moins, masculine
moinson, masculine
moiré, masculine
moïsme, masculine
moissonnage, masculine
moissonneur, masculine
molard, masculine
moldamax, masculine
moldu, masculine
molestation, masculine
molinisme, masculine
molinosisme, masculine
mollah, masculine
mollard, masculine
molle, masculine
molleton, masculine
mollett, masculine
molluscide, masculine
molluscum, masculine
moloch, masculine
molochisme, masculine
molosse, masculine
moly, masculine
momon, masculine
monachisme, masculine
monadisme, masculine
monarchisme, masculine
moncton, masculine
mondamoiseau, masculine
mondial, masculine
mondialisme, masculine
mondialiste, masculine
mondrain, masculine
monel, masculine
monème, masculine
monère, masculine
monétarisme, masculine
monflanquin, masculine
mongolien, masculine
positivité, feminine
possesseuse, feminine
possessivité, feminine
possessrice, feminine
postcombustion, feminine
postcure, feminine
postdoctorante, feminine
posthite, feminine
posthypophyse, feminine
postiche, feminine
postière, feminine
postmodernité, feminine
postsynchronisation, feminine
posture, feminine
potabilisation, feminine
potabilité, feminine
potasse, feminine
potée, feminine
potentialisation, feminine
potentialité, feminine
potentille, feminine
poterne, feminine
potet, masculine
potiche, feminine
potière, feminine
pouancé, feminine
poub, feminine
poucave, feminine
poucette, feminine
poudrerie, feminine
poudreuse, feminine
poudrière, feminine
pouffiasse, feminine
pougne, feminine
pouillerie, feminine
poulaille, feminine
poulaine, feminine
poularde, feminine
poulette, feminine
poulinière, feminine
poupoule, feminine
pourcailhade, feminine
pourga, feminine
pourriture, feminine
pourvoirie, feminine
pourvoyeuse, feminine
poussinette, feminine
pousterle, feminine
poustilnik, masculine
pouteille, feminine
poutine, masculine
poutinerie, feminine
poutinienne, feminine
poutrelle, feminine
pouyanne, masculine
pouzzolane, feminine
pp, feminine
ppa, feminine
pqn, feminine
præcedente, feminine
præceptrice, feminine
præcipitation, feminine
præeminence, feminine
præsidente, feminine
præstation, feminine
prame, feminine
prascovie, feminine
praticienne, feminine
praticité, feminine
praxie, feminine
préadolescence, feminine
préalpes, feminine
prébase, feminine
prébende, feminine
précarisation, feminine
préceinte, feminine
préceptrice, feminine
prêcheuse, feminine
préciosité, feminine
précocité, feminine
précombustion, feminine
précompacité, feminine
préconcentration, feminine
préconception, feminine
précondition, feminine
préconisation, feminine
précurseuse, feminine
prédatrice, feminine
prédécesseuse, feminine
prédécessrice, feminine
prédélinquance, feminine
prédication, feminine
prédicatrice, feminine
prédigestion, feminine
prééminence, feminine
préexistence, feminine
préfabrication, feminine
préférences, feminine
préfète, feminine
préfixation, feminine
préfloraison, feminine
préfoliation, feminine
préformation, feminine
préforme, feminine
monial, masculine
monilia, masculine
monitor, masculine
monitorage, masculine
monitorat, masculine
monitoring, masculine
monjoie, masculine
mono, masculine
monoacide, masculine
monoblétois, masculine
monobloc, masculine
monobob, masculine
monobromométhane, masculine
monocaméralisme, masculine
monocamérisme, masculine
monocépage, masculine
monochlorure, masculine
monochromateur, masculine
monocoque, masculine
monocorde, masculine
monocorps, masculine
monocristal, masculine
monoculiste, masculine
monocyte, masculine
monoergol, masculine
monogant, masculine
monoglycéride, masculine
monohydrate, masculine
monoï, masculine
monoïde, masculine
monolinguisme, masculine
monolithisme, masculine
monomère, masculine
monométallisme, masculine
monomètre, masculine
monomorphisme, masculine
monomoteur, masculine
monomphalien, masculine
monomythe, masculine
mononcle, masculine
mononyme, masculine
monopartisme, masculine
monophysite, masculine
monoplace, masculine
monoplan, masculine
monoploïdie, masculine
monopôle, masculine
monopoleur, masculine
monopolisateur, masculine
monoprocesseur, masculine
monoptyque, masculine
monorail, masculine
monosaccaride, masculine
monosème, masculine
monoski, masculine
monosomie, masculine
monosourcil, masculine
monospace, masculine
monostique, masculine
monosulfure, masculine
monosyllabe, masculine
monosyllabisme, masculine
monoterpène, masculine
monothélitisme, masculine
monotopisme, masculine
monovocalisme, masculine
monoxyde, masculine
monseigneur, masculine
montagnais, masculine
montanisme, masculine
montbeillard, masculine
montcalm, masculine
montcuq, masculine
montebello, masculine
montecristo, masculine
montfa, masculine
montferrer, masculine
montferrier, masculine
montgaillard, masculine
montgauch, masculine
montignargues, masculine
montjoy, masculine
montmagny, masculine
montmartrois, masculine
montmouloux, masculine
montner, masculine
montoir, masculine
montoulieu, masculine
montparnasse, masculine
montparno, masculine
montpellier, masculine
montpelliérain, masculine
montreur, masculine
moqueur, masculine
moralisme, masculine
moratoire, masculine
morbihan, masculine
morbihannais, masculine
morcellement, masculine
mordillage, masculine
mordu, masculine
moreau, masculine
moresnet, masculine
morfal, masculine
morgon, masculine
morillon, masculine
morion, masculine
prégnance, feminine
prégustation, feminine
préhension, feminine
préhistorienne, feminine
préimage, feminine
préinscription, feminine
prélature, feminine
prèle, feminine
prêle, feminine
préleveuse, feminine
prémédication, feminine
préméditation, feminine
prémices, feminine
prémisse, feminine
prémolaire, feminine
prémonition, feminine
prémunition, feminine
preneuse, feminine
prépa, feminine
préparatrice, feminine
prépension, feminine
prépotence, feminine
préproduction, feminine
prépsychose, feminine
prépuberté, feminine
préqualification, feminine
préquelle, feminine
prérentrée, feminine
presbytérienne, feminine
prescience, feminine
prescriptrice, feminine
présélection, feminine
présensation, feminine
présente, feminine
préséquence, feminine
présérie, feminine
préservation, feminine
présonorisation, feminine
pressière, feminine
pressurisation, feminine
prestidigitation, feminine
prestidigitatrice, feminine
présupposition, feminine
présure, feminine
prétendante, feminine
prétentaine, feminine
prétérition, feminine
prêteuse, feminine
prétoria, feminine
prêtraille, feminine
prêtresse, feminine
prétrice, feminine
prêtrise, feminine
préture, feminine
prévaricatrice, feminine
prévente, feminine
prévisibilité, feminine
prévisualisation, feminine
prevôté, feminine
prévôté, feminine
prieure, feminine
primature, feminine
primerose, feminine
primeur, masculine
primitive, feminine
primovaccination, feminine
primulacée, feminine
primuline, feminine
priscille, feminine
priseuse, feminine
privilégiée, feminine
probation, feminine
problématologie, feminine
problémiste, masculine
procession, feminine
procidence, feminine
proconsule, feminine
procrastinatrice, feminine
procréatrice, feminine
proctalgie, feminine
proctite, feminine
proctologie, feminine
proctorrhée, feminine
procuratrice, feminine
procureure, feminine
procureuse, feminine
prodigalité, feminine
mormonisme, masculine
moron, masculine
morphinisme, masculine
morphisme, masculine
morphogénie, masculine
morphoplasme, masculine
morphothion, masculine
mortel, masculine
morticole, masculine
morutier, masculine
morveux, masculine
moscou, masculine
moscovien, masculine
môssieu, masculine
mostuéjouls, masculine
motet, masculine
motivateur, masculine
motoculteur, masculine
motocyclisme, masculine
motonautisme, masculine
motoréducteur, masculine
motoriste, masculine
motton, masculine
mou, masculine
mouchardage, masculine
moucheron, masculine
moudjahid, masculine
moudjahidin, masculine
moudjahidine, masculine
moueddeb, masculine
mouillage, masculine
mouilleur, masculine
moujik, masculine
moukhtar, masculine
moulier, masculine
mouliery, masculine
moulinet, masculine
moulinier, masculine
moulon, masculine
mouloud, masculine
moumoulous, masculine
mourad, masculine
mourant, masculine
mouroir, masculine
mouron, masculine
mourvèdre, masculine
mousquedaire, masculine
mousqueton, masculine
moussa, masculine
moussage, masculine
moussaillon, masculine
moussem, masculine
mousseron, masculine
mousseux, masculine
mout, masculine
moutard, masculine
moutardier, masculine
moutier, masculine
moxa, masculine
moyennage, masculine
mozabite, masculine
mozarabe, masculine
mr, masculine
msadek, masculine
msf, masculine
m'sieu, masculine
m'sieur, masculine
mtbe, masculine
mtsapéré, masculine
mucilage, masculine
mucopolysaccharide, masculine
mucor, masculine
mucron, masculine
mucus, masculine
muet, masculine
muezzin, masculine
muffin, masculine
mufle, masculine
muflier, masculine
mufti, masculine
mug, masculine
muge, masculine
mugissement, masculine
muid, masculine
productique, feminine
productrice, feminine
produnova, masculine
proédrie, feminine
proéminence, feminine
profanation, feminine
profanatrice, feminine
professe, feminine
professeure, feminine
professeuse, feminine
professionnelle, feminine
profilage, feminine
profilagrine, feminine
profileuse, feminine
profitabilité, feminine
profiterole, feminine
profiteuse, feminine
prog, feminine
progénitrice, feminine
progradation, feminine
programmatrice, feminine
programmeuse, feminine
progressivité, feminine
projecture, feminine
prolamine, feminine
prolepse, feminine
prolétarisation, feminine
prolificité, feminine
prolixité, feminine
promeneuse, feminine
prométaphase, feminine
prometteuse, feminine
promission, feminine
promo, feminine
promotrice, feminine
promulgation, feminine
promulgatrice, feminine
pronation, feminine
pronatrice, feminine
pronominalisation, feminine
propadiène, feminine
propagule, feminine
propédeutique, feminine
propension, feminine
properdine, feminine
propitiation, feminine
propitiatrice, feminine
propontide, feminine
proportionnalité, feminine
propriote, feminine
proptose, feminine
prorogation, feminine
prosatrice, feminine
proscription, feminine
proscriptrice, feminine
prose, feminine
prosectrice, feminine
prosopographie, feminine
prosopologie, feminine
prospection, feminine
prospectrice, feminine
prostacycline, feminine
prostaglandine, feminine
prostatite, feminine
prosternation, feminine
prosthèse, feminine
prostipute, feminine
prostration, feminine
prosule, feminine
protase, feminine
protéacée, feminine
protée, masculine
protéinase, feminine
protéobactérie, feminine
protéolyse, feminine
protéomicienne, feminine
protéosynthèse, feminine
protistologie, feminine
protoétoile, feminine
protogalaxie, feminine
protogine, feminine
protogynie, feminine
protohistoire, feminine
protomartyre, feminine
protométrie, feminine
protomorphose, feminine
protonation, feminine
protoporphyrine, feminine
prototrophie, feminine
protrusion, feminine
protubérance, feminine
prouesse, feminine
proulx, masculine
proviseuse, feminine
provision, feminine
provitamine, feminine
provoc, feminine
provocatrice, feminine
proxémie, feminine
proxénie, feminine
pruche, feminine
pruderie, feminine
pruine, feminine
pruinosité, feminine
prussiate, feminine
prussie, feminine
mulard, masculine
mulâtre, masculine
muletier, masculine
mulhousien, masculine
mullah, masculine
mulot, masculine
mulotage, masculine
multicoque, masculine
multiensemble, masculine
multiferroïsme, masculine
multifeuillet, masculine
multigraphe, masculine
multilatéralisme, masculine
multimètre, masculine
multipartisme, masculine
multiphysique, masculine
multiplet, masculine
multiplexage, masculine
multiplexeur, masculine
multiplicande, masculine
multiplicateur, masculine
multiplieur, masculine
multiprocesseur, masculine
multitraitement, masculine
multivers, masculine
munichois, masculine
municipe, masculine
munitionnaire, masculine
munsee, masculine
munster, masculine
muphti, masculine
mupi, masculine
murage, masculine
murçon, masculine
murex, masculine
muriate, masculine
muride, masculine
muridé, masculine
muridure, masculine
muriosulfate, masculine
murmel, masculine
murson, masculine
musard, masculine
muscadet, masculine
muscadin, masculine
muscardin, masculine
muscari, masculine
muselet, masculine
muséum, masculine
musico, masculine
musoir, masculine
must, masculine
mustang, masculine
mustélidé, masculine
mutationnisme, masculine
mutificateur, masculine
mutification, masculine
mutilateur, masculine
mutualisme, masculine
mutuel, masculine
mutuellisme, masculine
mycélium, masculine
mycoderme, masculine
mycoplasme, masculine
myélencéphale, masculine
myéloblaste, masculine
myélocyte, masculine
myélome, masculine
myoblaste, masculine
myogramme, masculine
myolemme, masculine
myome, masculine
myomètre, masculine
myrcène, masculine
myriacoulomb, masculine
myriamètre, masculine
myriapode, masculine
myriarchie, masculine
myriarque, masculine
myricaire, masculine
myriophylle, masculine
myrmécomorphisme, masculine
myrmécophage, masculine
myrmidon, masculine
myrobolan, masculine
myroxyle, masculine
myroxylon, masculine
myrte, masculine
mysticète, masculine
mystificateur, masculine
mytiliculteur, masculine
myxobactérie, masculine
myxoedème, masculine
myxome, masculine
myxomycète, masculine
mzoungou, masculine
mʳ, masculine
n/m, masculine
nabab, masculine
nabuchodonosorisme, masculine
nacré, masculine
nadir, masculine
nadsat, masculine
naevus, masculine
nâga, masculine
naïba, masculine
n'aigle, masculine
naissain, masculine
najac, masculine
namurois, masculine
nanan, masculine
nanar, masculine
nanard, masculine
nancéien, masculine
psc, feminine
pséphologie, feminine
pseudarthrose, feminine
pseudesthésie, feminine
pseudocratère, feminine
pseudogamie, feminine
pseudomembrane, feminine
pseudotuberculose, feminine
pseudouridimycine, feminine
psilocybine, feminine
psittacose, feminine
psophométrie, feminine
psoralée, feminine
psyché, feminine
psychiatrisation, feminine
psychobiologie, feminine
psychochirurgie, feminine
psychocritique, feminine
psychogenèse, feminine
psychogériatrie, feminine
psychohistoire, feminine
psycholinguistique, feminine
psychométrie, feminine
psychomotricité, feminine
psychonévrose, feminine
psychopathie, feminine
psychopédagogie, feminine
psychopharmacologie, feminine
psychophysique, feminine
psychoplasticité, feminine
psychopolitique, feminine
psychorigidité, feminine
psychosynthèse, feminine
psychotechnicienne, feminine
psychotechnique, feminine
ptarmoscopie, feminine
ptéridine, feminine
ptéridospermée, feminine
ptérine, feminine
ptiline, feminine
ptolémaïs, feminine
ptomaïne, feminine
ptôse, feminine
ptyaline, feminine
pubalgie, feminine
pubescence, feminine
publiante, feminine
pudibonderie, feminine
pudicité, feminine
puéricultrice, feminine
puériculture, feminine
puérilité, feminine
pugnacité, feminine
pullorose, feminine
pullulation, feminine
pulmonation, feminine
pulmonique, masculine
pulpe, feminine
pulpite, feminine
pulsar, feminine
pulsatille, feminine
pulsion, feminine
pultrusion, feminine
pulvérulence, feminine
puna, feminine
punchline, feminine
punka, feminine
puntarelle, feminine
pupitreuse, feminine
purgation, feminine
purge, feminine
purpurine, feminine
purulence, feminine
puta, feminine
putasse, feminine
putasserie, feminine
putrescence, feminine
putridité, feminine
pycnose, feminine
pyélite, feminine
pyélonéphrite, feminine
pyeongchang, masculine
pyine, feminine
pyodermite, feminine
pyorrhée, feminine
pyrale, feminine
pyrargyrite, feminine
pyrène, masculine
pyrénéite, feminine
pyréthrine, feminine
pyrexie, feminine
pyrimidine, feminine
pyrite, feminine
pyritisation, feminine
pyrocatéchine, feminine
pyrogénation, feminine
pyrogravure, feminine
pyrolâtrie, feminine
pyrolusite, feminine
pyrolyse, feminine
pyromancie, feminine
pyrométrie, feminine
pyrotechnicienne, feminine
pyroxanthine, feminine
pyrrhotite, feminine
pythie, feminine
pythonisse, feminine
pyurie, feminine
pyxide, feminine
qanûn, feminine
qaqqaq, masculine
qatarie, feminine
nanite, masculine
nanoaimant, masculine
nanoargent, masculine
nanobel, masculine
nanocanal, masculine
nanocapteur, masculine
nanocode, masculine
nanoconducteur, masculine
nanocoulomb, masculine
nanocristal, masculine
nanodiamant, masculine
nanodisque, masculine
nanoélectronvolt, masculine
nanofarad, masculine
nanofil, masculine
nanohenry, masculine
nanohm, masculine
nanokatal, masculine
nanomatériau, masculine
nanomécanisme, masculine
nanomédicament, masculine
nanomonde, masculine
nanomoteur, masculine
nanoohm, masculine
nanophanérophyte, masculine
nanoprocesseur, masculine
nanoproduit, masculine
nanoruban, masculine
nanostéradian, masculine
nanothermomètre, masculine
nanotube, masculine
nanotunnel, masculine
nantais, masculine
nanti, masculine
nantissement, masculine
napalm, masculine
naphte, masculine
naphtol, masculine
naples, masculine
nappage, masculine
napperon, masculine
narbonnais, masculine
narcisus, masculine
narcodollar, masculine
narcoterrorisme, masculine
narcotisme, masculine
narghilé, masculine
narghileh, masculine
narguilé, masculine
narquois, masculine
narrataire, masculine
narutomaki, masculine
narvalo, masculine
nasard, masculine
nasdaq, masculine
naseau, masculine
nasillement, masculine
nasique, masculine
nasopharynx, masculine
nassérisme, masculine
natalisme, masculine
nathan, masculine
nathanaël, masculine
nativisme, masculine
natrium, masculine
natrum, masculine
nauruan, masculine
nautile, masculine
nautique, masculine
nautisme, masculine
nautonier, masculine
navajo, masculine
navalny, masculine
navarque, masculine
navarrenx, masculine
navetteur, masculine
naxalisme, masculine
nazaréat, masculine
nazaréen, masculine
naze, masculine
nazi, masculine
nazir, masculine
naziréat, masculine
naziréen, masculine
nazirite, masculine
nb, masculine
nc, masculine
ndiaga, masculine
ndombolo, masculine
nebbio, masculine
nébuliseur, masculine
nécessaire, masculine
neck, masculine
nécrologe, masculine
nécromant, masculine
nécrophore, masculine
nectaire, masculine
nectar, masculine
nectarinier, masculine
nédélec, masculine
néflier, masculine
nèg, masculine
négateur, masculine
négationnisme, masculine
négaton, masculine
négatoscope, masculine
négligé, masculine
négre, masculine
négrier, masculine
négrillon, masculine
néguev, masculine
négus, masculine
néhémie, masculine
n'éléphant, masculine
némathelminthe, masculine
nématocyste, masculine
nématode, masculine
nemtsov, masculine
néné, masculine
nénètse, masculine
qatarienne, feminine
qiu, masculine
quadragésime, feminine
quadratrice, feminine
quadrette, feminine
quadrichromie, feminine
quadriphonie, feminine
quadriplégie, feminine
quadrique, feminine
quadrirème, feminine
quadrisaïeule, feminine
quadrupédie, feminine
quakeresse, feminine
qualitée, feminine
quantification, feminine
quarante, feminine
quartararo, masculine
quartation, feminine
quarte, feminine
quarteronne, feminine
quartique, feminine
quasiparticule, feminine
quassine, feminine
quatorzaine, feminine
québécité, feminine
quéfrence, feminine
quémandeuse, feminine
queneau, masculine
quenelle, feminine
quenotte, feminine
quenouille, feminine
quéquette, feminine
quercétine, feminine
quercitrine, feminine
quérimonie, feminine
questeuse, feminine
questionneuse, feminine
questure, feminine
quêteuse, feminine
quetsche, feminine
queuë, feminine
queüe, feminine
queux, masculine
quevauvilliers, masculine
queysanne, masculine
quichenotte, feminine
quiddité, feminine
quiévrechain, feminine
quillette, feminine
quimper, feminine
quimperlé, feminine
quimpéroise, feminine
quincaillère, feminine
quincaillière, feminine
quinoïdine, feminine
quinoléine, feminine
quinone, feminine
quintaine, feminine
quinte, feminine
quinzomadaire, feminine
quirite, masculine
quiterie, feminine
quito, feminine
quitterie, feminine
quotité, feminine
quyen, masculine
rabane, feminine
rabatteuse, feminine
rabelais, masculine
rabiole, feminine
raboteuse, feminine
raccrocheuse, feminine
racémisation, feminine
rachel, feminine
rachelle, feminine
racheteuse, feminine
rachialgie, feminine
rachianesthésie, feminine
racinette, feminine
raciologie, feminine
raclette, masculine
raclure, feminine
racoleuse, feminine
raconteuse, feminine
radarastronomie, feminine
radasse, feminine
radicalisation, feminine
radicalité, feminine
radication, feminine
radicule, feminine
radiescence, feminine
radiesthésie, feminine
radinerie, feminine
radioactivation, feminine
radioamatrice, feminine
radioastronomie, feminine
radiobalise, feminine
radioborne, feminine
radiochirurgie, feminine
radiochronologie, feminine
radiocommande, feminine
radiocommunication, feminine
radioconservation, feminine
radiocristallographie, feminine
radiodiagnostic, feminine
radioécologie, feminine
radioélectricité, feminine
radioexposition, feminine
radiogalaxie, feminine
nénufar, masculine
néoblaste, masculine
néocapitalisme, masculine
néocommunisme, masculine
néoconservateur, masculine
néoconservatisme, masculine
néocyte, masculine
néodarwinisme, masculine
néodymate, masculine
néolamarckien, masculine
néolamarckisme, masculine
néolatin, masculine
néolibéral, masculine
néolithique, masculine
néoménie, masculine
néomenthol, masculine
néonazisme, masculine
néonicotinoïde, masculine
néopentane, masculine
néoplasme, masculine
néoplasticisme, masculine
néoplatonicien, masculine
néopositivisme, masculine
néoptère, masculine
néoréalisme, masculine
néototalitarisme, masculine
népenthès, masculine
néper, masculine
néphélomètre, masculine
néphrocyte, masculine
néphron, masculine
néphrotome, masculine
nérac, masculine
néral, masculine
néré, masculine
nérée, masculine
nérol, masculine
néroli, masculine
néron, masculine
nerprun, masculine
nervin, masculine
nervosisme, masculine
nescafé, masculine
nésosilicate, masculine
net, masculine
nétheq, masculine
nettoiement, masculine
nettoyant, masculine
nettoyante, masculine
nettoyement, masculine
nettoyeur, masculine
neuchâtel, masculine
neurchi, masculine
neuroblaste, masculine
neuroblastome, masculine
neurodépresseur, masculine
neurolemme, masculine
neuromédiateur, masculine
neuromodulateur, masculine
neuroprotecteur, masculine
neutralisant, masculine
neutralisme, masculine
neutrophile, masculine
neuvième, masculine
névé, masculine
névraxe, masculine
névrilème, masculine
névrotome, masculine
news, masculine
newton, masculine
newyorkais, masculine
nganga, masculine
ngcc, masculine
niafles, masculine
nibard, masculine
nicandre, masculine
nicanor, masculine
nichrome, masculine
nickelage, masculine
nicodème, masculine
nicolaïsme, masculine
nicolaïtes, masculine
nicomaque, masculine
nietzschéisme, masculine
nigari, masculine
nightclubber, masculine
nigromancie, masculine
nilgaut, masculine
nilghaut, masculine
nimbe, masculine
nîmois, masculine
radiolarite, feminine
radiolithe, feminine
radiomessagerie, feminine
radiométallographie, feminine
radiométrie, feminine
radionécrose, feminine
radiopharmacie, feminine
radiophonie, feminine
radiophotographie, feminine
radiopilule, feminine
radioprotection, feminine
radiosensibilité, feminine
radiosité, feminine
radiosource, feminine
radiotechnicienne, feminine
radiotechnique, feminine
radiotélégraphie, feminine
radiotéléphonie, feminine
radiotélévision, feminine
radiotoxicité, feminine
radoteuse, feminine
radula, feminine
raffinerie, feminine
rafflesia, feminine
rafflésie, feminine
rafinerie, feminine
rageuse, feminine
ragougnasse, feminine
raideur, feminine
raine, feminine
raiponce, feminine
raïto, feminine
ralingue, feminine
rallonge, feminine
ramassette, feminine
ramasseuse, feminine
ramberge, feminine
ramée, feminine
ramification, feminine
ramure, feminine
rancoeur, feminine
rancœur, feminine
rando, feminine
randomisation, feminine
randonneuse, feminine
raniculture, feminine
ranimation, feminine
ranson, feminine
rantonnet, masculine
ranule, feminine
raoust, masculine
rapacité, feminine
rapette, feminine
raphanine, feminine
rapière, feminine
rapineuse, feminine
rappeuse, feminine
rapsodie, feminine
râpure, feminine
rarescence, feminine
rasade, feminine
rascasse, feminine
raspoutitsa, feminine
ratière, feminine
ratiocination, feminine
ration, feminine
rational, feminine
rationalisation, feminine
rationnaire, masculine
ratisbonne, feminine
ratonnade, feminine
ratonne, feminine
rattrape, feminine
raucité, feminine
raufast, masculine
rauwolfia, feminine
ravanela, feminine
ravenelle, feminine
raveuse, feminine
ravisseuse, feminine
razzia, feminine
rbbg, feminine
rci, masculine
rdc, masculine
rds, feminine
ré, masculine
réa, feminine
réadaptation, feminine
réaffectation, feminine
réaffirmation, feminine
réagrégation, feminine
réale, feminine
réalisatrice, feminine
réallocation, feminine
réanimation, feminine
réapparition, feminine
réappropriation, feminine
réassignation, feminine
réassurance, feminine
réattribution, feminine
rebâtisseuse, feminine
rébecca, feminine
rebellion, feminine
rebeue, feminine
rebouteuse, feminine
rebroussière, feminine
recalcification, feminine
récap, masculine
recapitalisation, feminine
recapture, feminine
receleuse, feminine
recenseuse, feminine
recension, feminine
ningbonais, masculine
niochon, masculine
niort, masculine
niortais, masculine
niouéen, masculine
nip, masculine
nippon, masculine
niqueur, masculine
nirvana, masculine
nitre, masculine
nitrite, masculine
nitrium, masculine
nitrobenzène, masculine
nitrochloroforme, masculine
nitroéthane, masculine
nitroforme, masculine
nitroglycérol, masculine
nitrométhane, masculine
nitrophénol, masculine
nitrophényl, masculine
nitrosyle, masculine
nitrotoluène, masculine
nitrure, masculine
niveleur, masculine
nivernais, masculine
nm, masculine
nmt, masculine
no, masculine
nô, masculine
noailhac, masculine
nobliau, masculine
noceur, masculine
nocher, masculine
nocicepteur, masculine
nodule, masculine
noeud, masculine
nogaï, masculine
nohantais, masculine
noir, masculine
noircissement, masculine
noirien, masculine
nokhchi, masculine
nombres, masculine
nombrilisme, masculine
nomenclateur, masculine
nominal, masculine
nominateur, masculine
nominé, masculine
nommage, masculine
nomogramme, masculine
non, masculine
nonadécane, masculine
nonagone, masculine
nonantième, masculine
nonc, masculine
nonce, masculine
nonchaloir, masculine
nonidi, masculine
nonuple, masculine
noraf, masculine
noraghe, masculine
noranda, masculine
norbornadiène, masculine
recevabilité, feminine
receveuse, feminine
réchauffe, feminine
rechristianisation, feminine
réciprocation, feminine
réciprocité, feminine
réciproque, feminine
récitante, feminine
réclamante, feminine
réclame, masculine
reclassification, feminine
réclusion, feminine
récoltante, feminine
recombinaison, feminine
recommandataire, masculine
recommençante, feminine
recomposition, feminine
réconciliatrice, feminine
reconduite, feminine
reconfiguration, feminine
reconquête, feminine
reconstitution, feminine
reconvention, feminine
reconversion, feminine
recordwoman, feminine
recouverture, feminine
recouvreuse, feminine
récré, feminine
recréation, feminine
recréatrice, feminine
récrimination, feminine
recristallisation, feminine
rectif, feminine
rection, feminine
rectite, feminine
rectopexie, feminine
rectoscopie, feminine
rectrice, feminine
reculade, feminine
récurrence, feminine
récursion, feminine
récursivité, feminine
récusation, feminine
recyclabilité, feminine
rédac, masculine
rédemption, feminine
rédemptrice, feminine
rédie, feminine
rediff, feminine
rediffusion, feminine
rédintégration, feminine
redite, feminine
redouane, masculine
redoute, feminine
réductase, feminine
réductibilité, feminine
réduflation, feminine
réduplication, feminine
réécriture, feminine
rééd, feminine
réédification, feminine
réédition, feminine
rééducation, feminine
reee, feminine
rééligibilité, feminine
réémission, feminine
reer, feminine
réestimation, feminine
réévaluation, feminine
réexpédition, feminine
réf, feminine
réfaction, feminine
réfection, feminine
référente, feminine
réflectivité, feminine
réflexibilité, feminine
réflexologie, feminine
refondation, feminine
refonte, feminine
reformation, feminine
réformation, feminine
réformette, feminine
reformulation, feminine
réfragabilité, feminine
réfrangibilité, feminine
réfrigération, feminine
réfringence, feminine
réfutabilité, feminine
réfutation, feminine
régalade, feminine
regalia, feminine
régalia, feminine
regardeuse, feminine
régate, feminine
regazéification, feminine
régénérescence, feminine
régie, feminine
régionalisation, feminine
régiosélectivité, feminine
régisseuse, feminine
règlementation, feminine
regratterie, feminine
régression, feminine
régularisation, feminine
régulière, feminine
régurgitation, feminine
réhydratation, feminine
reichardie, feminine
réification, feminine
reiko, feminine
reille, feminine
réimplantation, feminine
réimposition, feminine
réindustrialisation, feminine
reinette, feminine
réinitialisation, feminine
réinjection, feminine
réinscription, feminine
réinsertion, feminine
réinstallation, feminine
nordaf, masculine
nordeste, masculine
norfloxacine, masculine
normalien, masculine
normcore, masculine
normétal, masculine
normoblaste, masculine
normographe, masculine
norois, masculine
norrois, masculine
northumbrien, masculine
nosode, masculine
nosseigneurs, masculine
nostoc, masculine
nota, masculine
notable, masculine
notam, masculine
notariat, masculine
notmar, masculine
notopleure, masculine
nouage, masculine
noualhat, masculine
nouchi, masculine
noueur, masculine
nougat, masculine
noumène, masculine
nounours, masculine
nouraghe, masculine
nous, masculine
nouveau, masculine
novatien, masculine
noviciat, masculine
novocaïne, masculine
noyautage, masculine
noylhiac, masculine
npd, masculine
nuancier, masculine
nubien, masculine
nucelle, masculine
nuciculteur, masculine
nucléoïde, masculine
nucléon, masculine
nucléoplasme, masculine
nucléoprotéine, masculine
nucléoside, masculine
nucléus, masculine
nul, masculine
numéraire, masculine
numéral, masculine
numériseur, masculine
numéron, masculine
numérotage, masculine
numéroteur, masculine
numidique, masculine
nunavik, masculine
nunavois, masculine
nunavutois, masculine
nuraghe, masculine
nutella, masculine
nutriment, masculine
nuuk, masculine
nycthémère, masculine
nymphalidé, masculine
nymphéa, masculine
nymphée, masculine
nº, masculine
o, masculine
oasien, masculine
obèle, masculine
obélion, masculine
obier, masculine
obiit, masculine
obit, masculine
obituaire, masculine
objecteur, masculine
oblat, masculine
oblitérateur, masculine
obscurantisme, masculine
obsédé, masculine
obséquiosité, masculine
obstétricien, masculine
obstiné, masculine
obstructionnisme, masculine
obtenteur, masculine
obturateur, masculine
obusier, masculine
ocarina, masculine
occasionnalisme, masculine
occidentalocentrisme, masculine
occulte, masculine
occupant, masculine
ocelle, masculine
réinstauration, feminine
réintégration, feminine
réinterprétation, feminine
réintroduction, feminine
réionisation, feminine
réitération, feminine
rejeanne, feminine
réjeanne, feminine
réjouissabilité, feminine
réjouissance, feminine
relative, feminine
relativisation, feminine
relaxe, feminine
relayeuse, feminine
relecture, feminine
relégation, feminine
relieuse, feminine
religiologie, feminine
religiosité, feminine
relish, feminine
relocation, feminine
rémanence, feminine
remballe, feminine
remédiation, feminine
remémoration, feminine
remilitarisation, feminine
rémission, feminine
rémittence, feminine
remixeuse, feminine
rémiz, feminine
remobilisation, feminine
rémoise, feminine
remontrance, feminine
remorqueuse, feminine
rémoulade, feminine
remouture, feminine
remplaçante, feminine
renarde, feminine
renardière, feminine
renationalisation, feminine
rêne, feminine
renégate, feminine
renégociation, feminine
renifleuse, feminine
rénine, feminine
rénitence, feminine
rennaise, feminine
renonciation, feminine
renonculacée, feminine
renouée, feminine
rénoviction, feminine
rentabilisation, feminine
rente, feminine
rentière, feminine
rentrée, feminine
réoccupation, feminine
réorganisatrice, feminine
réorientation, feminine
réouverture, feminine
réparatrice, feminine
répartie, feminine
répartiteuse, feminine
reparution, feminine
repasseuse, feminine
repeinture, feminine
repentance, feminine
répétabilité, feminine
répétitivité, feminine
répétitrice, feminine
replantation, feminine
réplétion, feminine
réplicabilité, feminine
réplication, feminine
reporteuse, feminine
reportice, feminine
reposteuse, feminine
repousse, feminine
répréhension, feminine
représaille, feminine
représentante, feminine
représentativité, feminine
reproductibilité, feminine
reprogrammation, feminine
reptation, feminine
républicanisation, feminine
répudiation, feminine
répugnance, feminine
requalification, feminine
réquisition, feminine
résa, feminine
rescision, feminine
résignation, feminine
résiliation, feminine
résilience, feminine
résille, feminine
résinification, feminine
résipiscence, feminine
résistine, feminine
résistivité, feminine
résolubilité, feminine
résolvante, feminine
resolvatation, feminine
résorcine, feminine
résorption, feminine
och, masculine
octabromure, masculine
octadécane, masculine
octadécène, masculine
octadiène, masculine
octane, masculine
octant, masculine
octantième, masculine
octasoufre, masculine
octateuque, masculine
octavien, masculine
octavin, masculine
octavon, masculine
octidi, masculine
octocoralliaire, masculine
octomère, masculine
octostyle, masculine
octroi, masculine
octuor, masculine
oculaire, masculine
oculogyrie, masculine
oculus, masculine
ocytocique, masculine
odénat, masculine
odéon, masculine
odin, masculine
odonate, masculine
odontomètre, masculine
œconomat, masculine
œconome, masculine
oecuménisme, masculine
œcumenopole, masculine
œdicnème, masculine
œdipe, masculine
oeil, masculine
œillard, masculine
oeillet, masculine
œilleton, masculine
œnanthal, masculine
œnomel, masculine
œnomètre, masculine
œnométrique, masculine
œnotourisme, masculine
œrsted, masculine
oesophage, masculine
oesophagoscope, masculine
oestrogène, masculine
oeuf, masculine
œufrier, masculine
offenseur, masculine
offertoire, masculine
offignies, masculine
offreur, masculine
oflag, masculine
ogcocephalidé, masculine
ogcocéphalidé, masculine
ogham, masculine
oghouzes, masculine
ogier, masculine
ogm, masculine
ogmios, masculine
ogossagou, masculine
ohm, masculine
ohmmètre, masculine
oïdium, masculine
oïlitan, masculine
oiml, masculine
oing, masculine
oinj, masculine
oint, masculine
oiseleur, masculine
oiselier, masculine
oisillonne, masculine
okapi, masculine
okoumé, masculine
okroug, masculine
olaf, masculine
oléandre, masculine
oléate, masculine
olécrane, masculine
olécrâne, masculine
oléfine, masculine
oléiculteur, masculine
oléomètre, masculine
oléron, masculine
oléum, masculine
olibrius, masculine
olifant, masculine
oligarque, masculine
oligiste, masculine
oligocène, masculine
oligochète, masculine
oligoélément, masculine
oligoholoside, masculine
oligoside, masculine
olim, masculine
olisbos, masculine
olographe, masculine
olonetsien, masculine
respectabilité, feminine
responsabilisation, feminine
responsivité, feminine
resquilleuse, feminine
ressaut, feminine
ressortissante, feminine
restanque, feminine
restaurateuse, feminine
restauratrice, feminine
restitution, feminine
restructuration, feminine
résultante, feminine
résurgence, feminine
rétameuse, feminine
rétention, feminine
retenue, feminine
réthoré, masculine
réticulation, feminine
rétinite, feminine
retombée, feminine
rétorsion, feminine
retorte, feminine
retouche, feminine
retoucheuse, feminine
rétractation, feminine
rétractibilité, feminine
rétractilité, feminine
rétraction, feminine
retranscription, feminine
retransmission, feminine
rétroaction, feminine
rétroactivité, feminine
rétrocaveuse, feminine
rétrocession, feminine
rétrocommission, feminine
rétrodismutation, feminine
rétroformation, feminine
rétrofusée, feminine
rétrogradation, feminine
rétrogression, feminine
rétronymie, feminine
rétroposition, feminine
rétroprojection, feminine
rétropropulsion, feminine
rétrospection, feminine
rétrospective, feminine
retrouvaille, feminine
reum, feminine
réunification, feminine
réunionite, feminine
réunionnaise, feminine
réussissabilité, feminine
réutilisation, feminine
revalorisation, feminine
revascularisation, feminine
révélatrice, feminine
revenante, feminine
revendeuse, feminine
revendicatrice, feminine
revenue, feminine
réversibilité, feminine
réversion, feminine
revigoration, feminine
réviseuse, feminine
revitalisation, feminine
révocation, feminine
révulsion, feminine
rfi, feminine
rh, feminine
rhabdomancie, feminine
rhabdomancienne, feminine
rhætie, feminine
rhapsodie, feminine
rhéa, feminine
rhéobase, feminine
rhéofluidification, feminine
rhéologie, feminine
rhéométrie, feminine
rhétoricienne, feminine
rhétrice, feminine
rhexistasie, feminine
rhinite, feminine
rhinolaryngite, feminine
rhinologie, feminine
rhinopharyngite, feminine
rhinoplastie, feminine
rhinorrhée, feminine
rhizotome, feminine
rhodamine, feminine
rhodanienne, feminine
rhodéorétine, feminine
rhodonite, feminine
rhodopsine, feminine
rhumerie, feminine
rhynchonelle, feminine
rhyolithe, feminine
ria, feminine
riabilité, feminine
riansaise, feminine
ribambelle, feminine
ribaude, feminine
ribaudequin, feminine
ribonucléase, feminine
ribonucléoprotéine, feminine
ribote, feminine
riboteuse, feminine
richardot, masculine
rickettsie, feminine
rickettsiose, feminine
ricotta, feminine
ridelle, feminine
ridule, feminine
rieuse, feminine
riflette, feminine
rigotte, feminine
rimaille, feminine
rimailleuse, feminine
rinçure, feminine
ringardise, feminine
ripaille, feminine
ripisylve, feminine
ripoll, masculine
ripopée, feminine
om, masculine
omble, masculine
oméga, masculine
omnibienveillant, masculine
omnium, masculine
omnivers, masculine
ondatra, masculine
ondemètre, masculine
ondin, masculine
onduleur, masculine
onésime, masculine
ongulé, masculine
oniromancien, masculine
onocentaure, masculine
onoporde, masculine
onopordon, masculine
ontarien, masculine
ontogénéticien, masculine
ontologisme, masculine
onzième, masculine
oocyste, masculine
oolithe, masculine
oophore, masculine
oozoïde, masculine
open, masculine
opéraïsme, masculine
opérande, masculine
opérationnisme, masculine
ophicléide, masculine
ophidien, masculine
ophioglosse, masculine
ophrys, masculine
ophtalmomètre, masculine
opiacé, masculine
opinel, masculine
opioïde, masculine
opisthodome, masculine
oponce, masculine
opopanax, masculine
opoponax, masculine
opossum, masculine
oppidum, masculine
opposé, masculine
oppresseur, masculine
opprobre, masculine
optevoz, masculine
optimum, masculine
optochine, masculine
opuntia, masculine
opus, masculine
opuscule, masculine
oqlf, masculine
oraibi, masculine
oral, masculine
oranais, masculine
orangeat, masculine
oratoire, masculine
oratorien, masculine
oratorio, masculine
orbe, masculine
orcadien, masculine
orchestrateur, masculine
orchies, masculine
orchis, masculine
ordinand, masculine
ordinariat, masculine
ordiphone, masculine
ordizan, masculine
ordonnateur, masculine
oreillard, masculine
oréotrague, masculine
organdi, masculine
organicien, masculine
organicisme, masculine
organiseur, masculine
organocatalyseur, masculine
organochloré, masculine
organoétain, masculine
organolithien, masculine
organsin, masculine
organza, masculine
risée, feminine
risette, feminine
rispéridone, feminine
ristourne, feminine
ritale, feminine
ritaline, feminine
ritou, masculine
ritournelle, feminine
ritoux, masculine
ritualisation, feminine
rivale, feminine
rivesaltes, feminine
rixdale, feminine
rixe, feminine
rizicultrice, feminine
rizzuto, masculine
roadmap, feminine
robinetterie, feminine
robotisation, feminine
rocaille, feminine
rocambole, feminine
rochelaise, feminine
rockeuse, feminine
rocou, feminine
rodès, masculine
rodomontade, feminine
rogne, feminine
rogneuse, feminine
rognure, feminine
rogue, feminine
roideur, feminine
rojouan, masculine
romagne, feminine
romaine, feminine
romandie, feminine
romania, feminine
romanité, feminine
rombière, feminine
roncière, feminine
rondeur, feminine
ronéo, feminine
ronfleuse, feminine
rookery, feminine
roquelaure, feminine
rosace, feminine
rosaniline, feminine
roselière, feminine
roseraie, feminine
rosière, feminine
rosporden, feminine
rosse, feminine
rosserie, feminine
rossignolade, feminine
rossignole, feminine
rotarienne, feminine
rotative, feminine
rotcajg, masculine
rote, feminine
roth, masculine
rôtie, feminine
rôtisseuse, feminine
rôtissoire, feminine
rotogravure, feminine
rotonde, feminine
rotondité, feminine
rotrouenge, feminine
roture, feminine
roubaisienne, feminine
roubignole, feminine
roublardise, feminine
roucou, feminine
rouelle, feminine
rouennaise, feminine
rouerie, feminine
rouette, feminine
rouflaquette, feminine
rougeur, feminine
roulade, feminine
roulière, feminine
roulottière, feminine
roulure, feminine
roumaine, feminine
roumieu, masculine
rouquasse, feminine
rouquine, feminine
rouspétance, feminine
rouspéteuse, feminine
roussanne, feminine
rousse, feminine
rousserolle, feminine
roussette, feminine
rousseur, feminine
rouste, feminine
rouville, feminine
rouvraie, feminine
rouynorandienne, feminine
royalty, feminine
royan, feminine
royauté, feminine
rozière, feminine
rpa, feminine
rpc, feminine
rpd, feminine
rss, masculine
rtc, feminine
rte, feminine
orgeat, masculine
orgeis, masculine
orgeix, masculine
orgelet, masculine
oricha, masculine
orichalque, masculine
orienteur, masculine
origan, masculine
oripeau, masculine
orle, masculine
orléanais, masculine
orlu, masculine
orly, masculine
ormiau, masculine
ornithopode, masculine
ornithoptère, masculine
oromo, masculine
oronce, masculine
orontien, masculine
orpaillage, masculine
orpailleur, masculine
orphée, masculine
orphelinage, masculine
orphéon, masculine
orphisme, masculine
orpiment, masculine
orthocentre, masculine
orthographieur, masculine
orthohydrogène, masculine
ortholexie, masculine
orthopantomogramme, masculine
orthoptère, masculine
orthoptéroïde, masculine
orthorhynque, masculine
orthosiphon, masculine
orthostate, masculine
orthostatisme, masculine
orvet, masculine
oscabrion, masculine
oscillateur, masculine
oscillo, masculine
oscillogramme, masculine
oscillomètre, masculine
oscilloscope, masculine
oscule, masculine
oshinko, masculine
oside, masculine
osiris, masculine
osmanthe, masculine
osmazôme, masculine
osmiridium, masculine
osmiure, masculine
osmomètre, masculine
osmorécepteur, masculine
ossements, masculine
ossétien, masculine
ossianisme, masculine
ossobuco, masculine
ost, masculine
ostéide, masculine
ostende, masculine
ostéoblaste, masculine
ostéoclaste, masculine
ostéoïde, masculine
ostéolithe, masculine
ostéologue, masculine
ostéome, masculine
ostéon, masculine
ostéophone, masculine
ostéoplaste, masculine
ostéosarcome, masculine
ostiaire, masculine
ostiak, masculine
ostinato, masculine
osto, masculine
ostracode, masculine
ostracon, masculine
ostréiculteur, masculine
ostrier, masculine
ostrogoth, masculine
ostyak, masculine
otherkin, masculine
otocyon, masculine
otocyste, masculine
otolithe, masculine
otoscope, masculine
otrante, masculine
ouagadougou, masculine
ouaï, masculine
oualid, masculine
ouaouaron, masculine
ouarzazate, masculine
oued, masculine
oueilloux, masculine
ouelquin, masculine
ouf, masculine
rtg, feminine
rtm, feminine
ruade, feminine
rubalise, feminine
rubanière, feminine
rubellite, feminine
rubiacée, feminine
rubicelle, feminine
rubrédoxine, feminine
ruchée, feminine
rudenture, feminine
rudération, feminine
rudesse, feminine
ruée, feminine
rugbywoman, feminine
rugination, feminine
rugosité, feminine
rumba, feminine
rumicine, feminine
rumination, feminine
runologie, feminine
ruralisation, feminine
ruralité, feminine
rurbanisation, feminine
ruremonde, feminine
russélie, feminine
russophobie, feminine
rustaude, feminine
rustine, feminine
rutacée, feminine
ruth, feminine
rutilance, feminine
rutine, feminine
rwandaise, feminine
rythmicienne, feminine
rythmicité, feminine
sabadilline, feminine
sabena, feminine
sabkha, feminine
sablière, feminine
sablonnière, feminine
saboteuse, feminine
sabotière, feminine
sabretache, feminine
saccade, feminine
saccarine, feminine
saccharase, feminine
saccharification, feminine
saccharomycose, feminine
sacculine, feminine
sachée, feminine
sachiko, feminine
sacralisation, feminine
sada, feminine
sadc, feminine
safranière, feminine
sagaie, feminine
sagamité, feminine
sagefemme, feminine
saguenéenne, feminine
saharienne, feminine
saie, feminine
saignée, feminine
saigneuse, feminine
saïgonnaise, feminine
saillie, feminine
sainte, feminine
saintes, feminine
saintonge, feminine
saisine, feminine
saito, masculine
sakura, feminine
salacrou, masculine
saladelle, feminine
saladerie, feminine
salaison, feminine
salaisonnerie, feminine
salaisonnière, feminine
salamine, feminine
salangane, feminine
salaude, feminine
saleilles, masculine
saleuse, feminine
salicacée, feminine
salicaire, feminine
salicine, feminine
salicoque, feminine
salicorne, feminine
salification, feminine
salinisation, feminine
salinité, feminine
salissure, feminine
salivation, feminine
ougandais, masculine
ougaritique, masculine
ouguiya, masculine
ouïezd, masculine
ouïghouristan, masculine
ouïgour, masculine
ouillage, masculine
ouin, masculine
ouisconsin, masculine
ouiski, masculine
ouisqui, masculine
ouisquie, masculine
ouistiti, masculine
oukase, masculine
ouléma, masculine
oulipo, masculine
ouo, masculine
ouolof, masculine
ouraline, masculine
ouraque, masculine
oustiti, masculine
oût, masculine
outaouais, masculine
outarde, masculine
outardeau, masculine
outchitel, masculine
outremont, masculine
outrenoir, masculine
outsider, masculine
ouvriérisme, masculine
ouvroir, masculine
ouzo, masculine
ovalène, masculine
oviducte, masculine
ovin, masculine
ovipositeur, masculine
oviscapte, masculine
ovisme, masculine
ovni, masculine
ovotide, masculine
owénisme, masculine
oxacide, masculine
oxalate, masculine
oxaloacétate, masculine
oxanion, masculine
oxépane, masculine
oxépine, masculine
oxétane, masculine
oxfordien, masculine
oxide, masculine
oxigène, masculine
oxirène, masculine
oxoacétate, masculine
oxoacide, masculine
oxoéthane, masculine
oxonien, masculine
oxonium, masculine
oxyacide, masculine
oxycarbonisme, masculine
oxychlorure, masculine
oxycodon, masculine
oxycoupage, masculine
oxycyanure, masculine
oxydant, masculine
oxydule, masculine
oxyfluorure, masculine
oxygénateur, masculine
oxyhydroxyde, masculine
oxylithe, masculine
oxymel, masculine
oxymètre, masculine
oxynitrure, masculine
oxysulfure, masculine
oxytétrafluorure, masculine
oxyure, masculine
oyant, masculine
oyat, masculine
ozaphane, masculine
ozène, masculine
ozonateur, masculine
ozoneur, masculine
ozonide, masculine
ozonisateur, masculine
ozoniseur, masculine
pa, masculine
pablisme, masculine
pacage, masculine
pacanier, masculine
pacemaker, masculine
pachalik, masculine
pachyderme, masculine
pacificateur, masculine
pack, masculine
packaging, masculine
packfung, masculine
pacs, masculine
pacsage, masculine
pacson, masculine
pactole, masculine
paddock, masculine
paddy, masculine
padma, masculine
salonnière, feminine
saloperie, feminine
salpêtrière, feminine
salpingite, feminine
salpingographie, feminine
salpingoplastie, feminine
salpingotomie, feminine
salsa, feminine
salse, feminine
salsolacée, feminine
saltation, feminine
saltatrice, feminine
salubrité, feminine
salure, feminine
salvadorienne, feminine
samarcande, feminine
samare, feminine
samaritaine, feminine
sambuque, feminine
samogitie, feminine
samosate, feminine
sanctification, feminine
sanctificatrice, feminine
sandalette, feminine
sangle, feminine
sangria, feminine
sanicle, feminine
sanie, feminine
sansevière, feminine
santaline, feminine
santiag, feminine
santonine, feminine
sanza, feminine
saône, feminine
saoularde, feminine
saoulerie, feminine
sape, feminine
sapes, feminine
saphène, feminine
saphirine, feminine
sapidité, feminine
sapinette, feminine
sapinière, feminine
saponaire, feminine
saponarine, feminine
saq, feminine
sarabande, feminine
sarcologie, feminine
sardinade, feminine
sardinerie, feminine
sardoine, feminine
sarigue, feminine
sarisse, feminine
sarl, feminine
sarmatie, feminine
sarrasine, feminine
sarrazine, feminine
sarre, feminine
sarthe, feminine
sarthoise, feminine
saskatchewanaise, feminine
sassa, masculine
sassari, feminine
satanisation, feminine
satinette, feminine
satisfiabilité, feminine
satomi, feminine
saturabilité, feminine
satyresse, feminine
saulaie, feminine
sauldre, feminine
saunerie, feminine
saupoudreuse, feminine
saurochorie, feminine
saute, feminine
sauterie, feminine
sauvagesse, feminine
sauvagine, feminine
sauvette, feminine
sauveuse, feminine
savanne, feminine
save, feminine
savetière, feminine
savignac, masculine
pads, masculine
pædéraste, masculine
pagne, masculine
pagodon, masculine
paho, masculine
paillard, masculine
pailler, masculine
paintball, masculine
pair, masculine
pairage, masculine
païsage, masculine
pajot, masculine
paki, masculine
pal, masculine
palabre, masculine
paladin, masculine
palafitte, masculine
palamisme, masculine
palan, masculine
palangrier, masculine
palanquin, masculine
palatin, masculine
palatogramme, masculine
palefrenier, masculine
palefroi, masculine
palémon, masculine
paléocène, masculine
paléoclimat, masculine
paléocortex, masculine
paléoenvironnement, masculine
paléomagnétisme, masculine
paléopallium, masculine
paléosol, masculine
paléothérium, masculine
paleron, masculine
palet, masculine
palétuvier, masculine
palimpseste, masculine
palissandre, masculine
paliure, masculine
palladure, masculine
pallénis, masculine
pallidum, masculine
pallisandre, masculine
pallium, masculine
palmarès, masculine
palmarium, masculine
palmarolle, masculine
palmipède, masculine
palmiste, masculine
palmite, masculine
palmyrénien, masculine
palmyrien, masculine
palois, masculine
palot, masculine
palse, masculine
paltoquet, masculine
palud, masculine
paludarium, masculine
palude, masculine
palus, masculine
pam, masculine
pampellonne, masculine
pampelonne, masculine
pamplemoussier, masculine
panachage, masculine
panaché, masculine
panage, masculine
panamá, masculine
panaméricanisme, masculine
panaris, masculine
panatela, masculine
panatella, masculine
panca, masculine
pancake, masculine
pancalisme, masculine
pancosmisme, masculine
pandanus, masculine
pandeiro, masculine
pandémonium, masculine
pandit, masculine
panégyriste, masculine
panel, masculine
panetier, masculine
panettone, masculine
savone, feminine
savonnerie, feminine
savonnette, feminine
savonnière, feminine
sayako, feminine
saynète, feminine
saynette, feminine
sayragul, feminine
sayuri, feminine
sbf, feminine
scabieuse, feminine
scansion, feminine
scantrad, feminine
scatologie, feminine
scatophilie, feminine
scédasticité, feminine
scélératesse, feminine
scénarisation, feminine
scénologie, feminine
scfp, feminine
schadenfreude, feminine
scheelite, feminine
schématisation, feminine
schindylèse, feminine
schistosité, feminine
schizo, masculine
schizogamie, feminine
schizogenèse, feminine
schizogonie, feminine
schizoïdie, feminine
schizonévrose, feminine
schizothymie, feminine
schizotrichie, feminine
schl, feminine
schneck, feminine
schnock, masculine
schörlite, feminine
schulmann, masculine
schwartz, masculine
sciène, feminine
scientificité, feminine
scientométrie, feminine
scille, feminine
scillitine, feminine
scinticisternographie, feminine
scintillation, feminine
scission, feminine
scissiparité, feminine
scissure, feminine
sclère, feminine
sclérose, feminine
sclérotique, feminine
scolarisation, feminine
scoliose, feminine
scoparine, feminine
scorsonère, feminine
scotobiologie, feminine
scottish, feminine
scoumoune, feminine
scoute, feminine
scrabbleuse, feminine
scribesse, feminine
scribouillarde, feminine
scripturalité, feminine
scrofulaire, feminine
scrofule, feminine
scrs, feminine
scrupulosité, feminine
scrutation, feminine
scutellaire, feminine
scutellarine, feminine
scythie, feminine
sébamide, feminine
sébastienne, feminine
sebka, feminine
sebkha, feminine
séborrhée, feminine
sébrina, feminine
sécante, feminine
sèche, feminine
sécheuse, feminine
séclusion, feminine
secrétairerie, feminine
sectatrice, feminine
sectorisation, feminine
sécu, feminine
sécurisation, feminine
sédanoise, feminine
sédation, feminine
sédentarisation, feminine
sédentarité, feminine
sédimentologiste, masculine
sédition, feminine
ségrairie, feminine
ségrégation, feminine
séguedille, feminine
pangermanisme, masculine
pangolin, masculine
pangramme, masculine
panhellénisme, masculine
panic, masculine
panicault, masculine
panicaut, masculine
panini, masculine
panka, masculine
panlogisme, masculine
pannicule, masculine
panonceau, masculine
panoptique, masculine
pansage, masculine
pantacle, masculine
pantacourt, masculine
pantagruélisme, masculine
panthénol, masculine
pantographe, masculine
pantomètre, masculine
pantouflage, masculine
pantouflard, masculine
pantouflier, masculine
pantoum, masculine
panty, masculine
panzer, masculine
paonneau, masculine
papable, masculine
papange, masculine
paparazzi, masculine
papaver, masculine
papayer, masculine
papetier, masculine
papillome, masculine
papillotage, masculine
papineau, masculine
papion, masculine
papisme, masculine
papotage, masculine
papou, masculine
paquebot, masculine
paquetage, masculine
paqueteur, masculine
pâquis, masculine
parabellum, masculine
parabène, masculine
paracelse, masculine
paracelsisme, masculine
paracerque, masculine
paracétamol, masculine
parachèvement, masculine
parachi, masculine
parachutage, masculine
parachutisme, masculine
paraclimax, masculine
paracolois, masculine
paraconide, masculine
paracuta, masculine
paracyanogène, masculine
paracyclisme, masculine
paradactyle, masculine
paradeur, masculine
paradichlorobenzène, masculine
paradigmatisme, masculine
paradisier, masculine
paradounais, masculine
paraedrite, masculine
parafe, masculine
paraffinage, masculine
paraformaldéhyde, masculine
parafoudre, masculine
parage, masculine
paragrammatisme, masculine
paragrêle, masculine
parahockey, masculine
paraige, masculine
paraître, masculine
parajuriste, masculine
paralangage, masculine
paraldéhyde, masculine
paralégal, masculine
paralipomènes, masculine
parallélipipède, masculine
parallélisme, masculine
parallélographe, masculine
seiche, feminine
seigneuresse, feminine
seigneurie, feminine
seigneuse, feminine
seille, feminine
seime, feminine
séismicité, feminine
sélaginelle, feminine
sélectionneuse, feminine
sélène, feminine
séléné, feminine
sélénite, masculine
sélénocystéine, feminine
sélénographie, feminine
sélénologie, feminine
sélénométhionine, feminine
sélénoprotéine, feminine
séleucie, feminine
sélin, feminine
séline, feminine
sellerie, feminine
sellette, feminine
sellière, feminine
selve, feminine
semailles, feminine
sémasiologie, feminine
semblabilité, feminine
séméiologie, feminine
semelier, feminine
sémelparité, feminine
sémentine, feminine
semeuse, feminine
sémiologie, feminine
semoulerie, feminine
sempiterne, feminine
sénarmontite, feminine
sénatrice, feminine
sénéchaussée, feminine
sénégine, feminine
senneterre, feminine
sensibilisation, feminine
sensible, feminine
sensitivité, feminine
sensitométrie, feminine
sensorialité, feminine
sensorimétrie, feminine
sente, feminine
sentimentalité, feminine
sentine, feminine
séoul, masculine
séparabilité, feminine
séparatrice, feminine
sépiolite, feminine
septaine, feminine
septantaine, feminine
septembrisade, feminine
septennalité, feminine
septicité, feminine
septimanie, feminine
septime, feminine
septuagésime, feminine
séquelle, feminine
séquestration, feminine
sérandite, feminine
serbisation, feminine
sérendipité, feminine
sérénissime, feminine
serfouette, feminine
sergente, feminine
sergenterie, feminine
sérialité, feminine
séricicultrice, feminine
sériciculture, feminine
séricigraphie, feminine
sérigraphie, feminine
sérine, feminine
serinette, feminine
sermonneuse, feminine
séroconversion, feminine
séropositivité, feminine
séroprotéine, feminine
sérosité, feminine
sérothérapie, feminine
sérotine, feminine
sérovaccination, feminine
serpente, feminine
serpette, feminine
serpillère, feminine
serpillière, feminine
serratule, feminine
serris, feminine
serrurerie, feminine
sérumthérapie, feminine
servocommande, feminine
sesbania, feminine
sesbanie, feminine
session, feminine
seta, feminine
sète, feminine
setsuko, feminine
sexeuse, feminine
sexonomie, feminine
sextant, feminine
sextape, feminine
sextine, feminine
sexuation, feminine
paralogisme, masculine
paralympien, masculine
paralympiques, masculine
paramagnétisme, masculine
paramakan, masculine
paramaléate, masculine
paramétrage, masculine
paramilitaire, masculine
paramilitarisme, masculine
paramoteur, masculine
paraná, masculine
paranan, masculine
paranatellon, masculine
paranéoptère, masculine
parangon, masculine
paranordique, masculine
paranymphe, masculine
parapegme, masculine
parapente, masculine
paraphe, masculine
parapheur, masculine
paraphraseur, masculine
paraphraste, masculine
parapode, masculine
paraptère, masculine
pararthrème, masculine
parasitiforme, masculine
parasitisme, masculine
parasitoïde, masculine
paraski, masculine
parasport, masculine
parasurtenseur, masculine
parasynonyme, masculine
paratexte, masculine
parâtre, masculine
parauk, masculine
paraussien, masculine
paravalanche, masculine
paraysien, masculine
parchet, masculine
parcmètre, masculine
parcomètre, masculine
pard, masculine
paréage, masculine
parenchyme, masculine
pareo, masculine
paréo, masculine
parfait, masculine
parfilage, masculine
parfumeur, masculine
pariage, masculine
parieur, masculine
parigot, masculine
parisianisme, masculine
parjure, masculine
parler, masculine
parloir, masculine
parloteur, masculine
parménide, masculine
parmentier, masculine
parnasse, masculine
parnassien, masculine
parodonte, masculine
paroli, masculine
parpaillaud, masculine
parpaillot, masculine
parpaing, masculine
parquet, masculine
parqueteur, masculine
parqueur, masculine
parrainage, masculine
parricide, masculine
parrilla, masculine
parsec, masculine
parsi, masculine
parsisme, masculine
partageur, masculine
partageux, masculine
partagiciel, masculine
partant, masculine
parthénote, masculine
particularisme, masculine
particulariste, masculine
partiel, masculine
partitif, masculine
partitioniste, masculine
partitionnement, masculine
partitionniste, masculine
partouzard, masculine
parvis, masculine
pasdaran, masculine
seysses, masculine
sfr, feminine
shabine, feminine
shampooineuse, feminine
shampouineuse, feminine
shangaï, feminine
shanghaï, feminine
shawarma, feminine
shawville, feminine
shéhérazade, feminine
sherbrookoise, feminine
shigeko, feminine
shigellose, feminine
shoah, feminine
shop, feminine
sialoglycoprotéine, feminine
sialorrhée, feminine
sibérienne, feminine
sibylle, feminine
sicav, feminine
siccativité, feminine
sidération, feminine
sidérémie, feminine
sidérite, feminine
sidérose, feminine
sienne, feminine
sierra, feminine
sifflante, feminine
sigillographie, feminine
signalétique, feminine
signeuse, feminine
sihem, feminine
silice, feminine
silicose, feminine
silicule, feminine
silique, feminine
sillimanite, feminine
simagrée, feminine
simmi, feminine
simonie, feminine
simplette, feminine
simulatrice, feminine
simultanée, feminine
sinapisine, feminine
sindonologie, feminine
sinécure, feminine
singerie, feminine
singesse, feminine
singularisation, feminine
sinigrine, feminine
sinisation, feminine
sinistralité, feminine
sinistrée, feminine
sinité, feminine
sintérisation, feminine
sinuosité, feminine
sinusite, feminine
sinusoïde, feminine
sion, feminine
sioule, feminine
sioux, masculine
siphonogamie, feminine
sismicité, feminine
sismogenèse, feminine
sismothérapie, feminine
sittelle, feminine
situle, feminine
skateuse, feminine
skeletoneuse, feminine
skiascopie, feminine
skidoo, masculine
skip, masculine
slackline, feminine
slalomeuse, feminine
slami, masculine
slavonie, feminine
slavophilie, feminine
slush, feminine
smala, feminine
smalah, feminine
smaltine, feminine
smaragdite, feminine
smectite, feminine
smicarde, feminine
smith, masculine
sncb, feminine
sncf, feminine
snobinarde, feminine
snowboardeuse, feminine
sobriété, feminine
socca, feminine
sochalienne, feminine
sociabilisation, feminine
sociabilité, feminine
socialité, feminine
sociatrie, feminine
sociodicée, feminine
sociographie, feminine
sociopathie, feminine
sociopathologie, feminine
sociotechnique, feminine
sociothérapie, feminine
socquette, feminine
sodalité, feminine
sodomie, feminine
sodomisation, feminine
sœurâtre, feminine
soeurette, feminine
sofia, feminine
sohar, masculine
sôhar, masculine
soierie, feminine
pasquin, masculine
pass, masculine
passamainty, masculine
passéisme, masculine
passement, masculine
passepartout, masculine
passereau, masculine
passerillage, masculine
passif, masculine
passing, masculine
passy, masculine
pastafarisme, masculine
pastaga, masculine
pastel, masculine
pasteurisateur, masculine
pasticheur, masculine
pastillage, masculine
pastophore, masculine
pastoralisme, masculine
pastorat, masculine
pastoureau, masculine
pastrami, masculine
patachon, masculine
pataphysicien, masculine
patapouf, masculine
pataquès, masculine
pataras, masculine
patassa, masculine
patatoïde, masculine
patchoulène, masculine
patchouli, masculine
patchwork, masculine
pâté, masculine
patelin, masculine
paternalisme, masculine
pathétisme, masculine
pathogène, masculine
patidar, masculine
pâtisson, masculine
patoisement, masculine
pâton, masculine
patou, masculine
pâtre, masculine
patriciat, masculine
patricien, masculine
patrocle, masculine
patronage, masculine
patronyme, masculine
pâturin, masculine
paturon, masculine
paulinisme, masculine
paulownia, masculine
paumier, masculine
paupérisme, masculine
paurométabole, masculine
pavage, masculine
pavement, masculine
paveur, masculine
pavois, masculine
pavoisement, masculine
pawnee, masculine
paxon, masculine
pañchatantra, masculine
pcc, masculine
pcus, masculine
pcv, masculine
pdq, masculine
pds, masculine
pdsc, masculine
pdsf, masculine
pe, masculine
pé, masculine
peacekeeper, masculine
péager, masculine
péan, masculine
pearcéite, masculine
peaufinage, masculine
peaufinement, masculine
soignies, feminine
soizic, feminine
solanacée, feminine
solanée, feminine
solarisation, feminine
soldanelle, feminine
soldate, feminine
soldatesque, feminine
soldeuse, feminine
sole, feminine
solfatare, feminine
solidification, feminine
solidité, feminine
solive, feminine
soljenitsyne, masculine
sollicitation, feminine
solliciteuse, feminine
solmisation, feminine
sologne, feminine
solovieff, masculine
soloviev, masculine
solovioff, masculine
solubilisation, feminine
solubilité, feminine
soluce, feminine
solvabilisation, feminine
solvatation, feminine
somatisation, feminine
somatogenèse, feminine
somatotrophine, feminine
somitogenèse, feminine
sommelière, feminine
sommellerie, feminine
sommière, feminine
somptuosité, feminine
sonatine, feminine
sondeuse, feminine
songerie, feminine
songeuse, feminine
sonnaille, feminine
sonneuse, feminine
sonochimie, feminine
sonorisation, feminine
sonoriste, masculine
sonothèque, feminine
sophène, feminine
sophistication, feminine
sophistique, feminine
sophrologie, feminine
sopraniste, feminine
sorâtre, feminine
sorbe, feminine
sorbetière, feminine
sorbine, feminine
sorbonne, feminine
sordidité, feminine
sorlingues, feminine
sorokine, masculine
sororité, feminine
sorption, feminine
sortition, feminine
sotte, feminine
souchez, feminine
soudabilité, feminine
soudaineté, feminine
soude, feminine
soudeuse, feminine
soudure, feminine
soufflerie, feminine
souffleuse, feminine
soufrière, feminine
souillarde, feminine
souillure, feminine
soukoun, masculine
soul, feminine
soularde, feminine
soûlarde, feminine
soulaude, feminine
soûlaude, feminine
soulerie, feminine
soûlerie, feminine
souleur, feminine
soûlote, feminine
soulte, feminine
soupape, feminine
soupente, feminine
soupeuse, feminine
soupière, feminine
souraïde, feminine
sourcière, feminine
souricelle, feminine
souricière, feminine
sournoiserie, feminine
peb, masculine
pebd, masculine
pébioctet, masculine
pébroc, masculine
pébroque, masculine
pec, masculine
pécari, masculine
pecten, masculine
pectoral, masculine
péculat, masculine
pécule, masculine
pédalage, masculine
pédaleur, masculine
pédalo, masculine
pédant, masculine
pédéraste, masculine
pédicule, masculine
pedigree, masculine
pédigrée, masculine
pédiluve, masculine
pédimane, masculine
pédocriminel, masculine
pédoncule, masculine
pedzouille, masculine
peeling, masculine
pégase, masculine
pehd, masculine
pehlvi, masculine
peignage, masculine
peigneur, masculine
peignoir, masculine
pékan, masculine
pékin, masculine
pélamide, masculine
pélamyde, masculine
pélargonate, masculine
pélargonium, masculine
pélécaniforme, masculine
pêlemêle, masculine
pelletier, masculine
pelletiseur, masculine
pélobate, masculine
pélodyte, masculine
pélopium, masculine
pelotage, masculine
pelotari, masculine
peltaste, masculine
pelvis, masculine
pélycosaure, masculine
pemmican, masculine
penalty, masculine
pénalty, masculine
pénates, masculine
pendage, masculine
pendard, masculine
pendentif, masculine
pendjab, masculine
pendu, masculine
penelopegate, masculine
pénélopegate, masculine
pénétromètre, masculine
penha, masculine
pénicillium, masculine
pénil, masculine
pénitent, masculine
pennage, masculine
pennine, masculine
pennon, masculine
pennonage, masculine
penny, masculine
péno, masculine
pensum, masculine
pentacène, masculine
pentachlorure, masculine
pentacle, masculine
pentacorde, masculine
pentadécagone, masculine
pentadécane, masculine
pentaèdre, masculine
pentaène, masculine
pentaérythritol, masculine
pentafluorure, masculine
pentagramme, masculine
pentamère, masculine
pentaméthylène, masculine
pentamètre, masculine
pentane, masculine
pentaoxyde, masculine
pentaquark, masculine
pentasulfure, masculine
pentatome, masculine
pentecôtisme, masculine
pentédécagone, masculine
pentoxyde, masculine
péon, masculine
pépère, masculine
pépie, masculine
pépiement, masculine
péplos, masculine
péplum, masculine
peppermint, masculine
pepperoni, masculine
peps, masculine
pepsinogène, masculine
peptide, masculine
peptidoglycane, masculine
peptisant, masculine
péquenaud, masculine
pérail, masculine
perborate, masculine
perçage, masculine
percarbure, masculine
percement, masculine
perchlorate, masculine
perchloroéthylène, masculine
perchlorure, masculine
perchoir, masculine
perciforme, masculine
percnoptère, masculine
percolateur, masculine
percomorphe, masculine
percuteur, masculine
perdreau, masculine
souscriptrice, feminine
sousveillance, feminine
soutenabilité, feminine
soutenance, feminine
soviétisation, feminine
spaciosité, feminine
spalière, feminine
spallation, feminine
spallière, feminine
spammeuse, feminine
spargose, feminine
spartéine, feminine
sparticule, feminine
spasmophilie, feminine
spasticité, feminine
spathe, feminine
spatialisation, feminine
spatialité, feminine
spéciation, feminine
spectrographie, feminine
spectrophotométrie, feminine
speirochorie, feminine
spéléo, masculine
spéléotomie, feminine
spergulaire, feminine
spermaphyte, feminine
spermatide, masculine
spermatie, feminine
spermatogenèse, feminine
spermatogonie, feminine
spermatophyte, feminine
spermiogenèse, feminine
spermogonie, feminine
spessartine, feminine
spessartite, feminine
sphalérite, feminine
sphénoïdite, feminine
sphéricité, feminine
sphéroforme, masculine
sphéroïdisation, feminine
sphérulite, feminine
sphinctéralgie, feminine
sphinctérectomie, feminine
sphinctérotomie, feminine
sphinge, feminine
spicule, feminine
spinule, feminine
spiralisation, feminine
spire, feminine
spirée, feminine
spirillose, feminine
spiritualisation, feminine
spirochète, feminine
spirochétose, feminine
spirographie, feminine
spirométrie, feminine
splanchnicectomie, feminine
splenditude, feminine
splénite, feminine
spoliation, feminine
spoliatrice, feminine
spondylarthrite, feminine
spondyle, feminine
spondylite, feminine
spondylose, feminine
sporadicité, feminine
spore, feminine
spork, feminine
sporophyte, feminine
sporotrichose, feminine
sportive, feminine
sportivité, feminine
sportswoman, feminine
sprinteuse, feminine
sprue, feminine
spumosité, feminine
sq, feminine
sqdc, feminine
squame, feminine
squamule, feminine
squasheuse, feminine
squatine, feminine
squatteuse, feminine
squaw, feminine
squille, feminine
sr, feminine
srilankaise, feminine
st, feminine
stabies, feminine
stabulation, feminine
stains, feminine
stalactite, feminine
stalagmite, feminine
stalagmométrie, feminine
stalinisation, feminine
stalle, feminine
stannite, feminine
stapédectomie, feminine
staphylite, feminine
staphylococcémie, feminine
staphylococcie, feminine
staphyloplastie, feminine
staphylorraphie, feminine
staphylotomie, feminine
staquet, masculine
starisation, feminine
starlette, feminine
stase, feminine
stasie, feminine
stasiologie, feminine
statistiques, feminine
statuaire, masculine
statuette, feminine
stature, feminine
staurotide, feminine
stcum, feminine
péret, masculine
perfecto, masculine
pergélisol, masculine
périanthe, masculine
périapside, masculine
péricarpe, masculine
péricaryon, masculine
périchondre, masculine
périclès, masculine
péricrâne, masculine
péricycle, masculine
pérididyme, masculine
péridot, masculine
périgourdin, masculine
périgueux, masculine
périmysium, masculine
périnèvre, masculine
périodate, masculine
périodisme, masculine
périodonte, masculine
periodure, masculine
périople, masculine
péripatéticien, masculine
péripatétisme, masculine
périphérique, masculine
périple, masculine
périptère, masculine
périsélène, masculine
périsperme, masculine
périssodactyle, masculine
péristaltisme, masculine
péristome, masculine
péristyle, masculine
péritectique, masculine
périthèce, masculine
perlatif, masculine
perlimpinpin, masculine
perlot, masculine
permafrost, masculine
permagel, masculine
permalien, masculine
permalloy, masculine
permanent, masculine
permien, masculine
pernambouc, masculine
pernamboucain, masculine
perniflard, masculine
péroné, masculine
peroxyacétique, masculine
perpignan, masculine
perpignanais, masculine
perré, masculine
perrhénate, masculine
perronisme, masculine
perroquetage, masculine
perrot, masculine
perruquier, masculine
persécuteur, masculine
persée, masculine
persel, masculine
persiflage, masculine
persifleur, masculine
personnel, masculine
perspectivisme, masculine
persulfure, masculine
pertechnétate, masculine
perturbateur, masculine
pervers, masculine
perxénate, masculine
pérylène, masculine
pesant, masculine
peshmerga, masculine
peso, masculine
pessaire, masculine
pétaflop, masculine
pétage, masculine
pétainisme, masculine
pétakatal, masculine
pétalisme, masculine
pétanqueur, masculine
pétaoctet, masculine
pétase, masculine
pétasite, masculine
pete, masculine
pétélin, masculine
péteur, masculine
pétillement, masculine
pétiole, masculine
petiot, masculine
stéarine, feminine
stéarinerie, feminine
stéarone, feminine
stéaroptène, feminine
stéatite, feminine
stéatopygie, feminine
stéatose, feminine
stéganographie, feminine
stéhéline, feminine
stellaire, feminine
stellarator, feminine
sténocardie, feminine
sténodactylographie, feminine
sténothermie, feminine
sténotype, feminine
sténotypie, feminine
stépanoff, masculine
sterculiacée, feminine
stéréochimie, feminine
stéréochromie, feminine
stéréognosie, feminine
stéréographie, feminine
stéréométrie, feminine
stéréophonie, feminine
stéréoscopie, feminine
stéréosélectivité, feminine
stéréotomie, feminine
stéréovision, feminine
sterne, feminine
sternodynie, feminine
sternopagie, feminine
sternutation, feminine
stibine, feminine
stichomythie, feminine
stigmergie, feminine
stilbite, feminine
stillation, feminine
stimuline, feminine
stishovite, feminine
stm, feminine
stoechiométrie, feminine
stomatite, feminine
stomatoplastie, feminine
stomatorragie, feminine
stoppeuse, feminine
stoppiglia, masculine
stramoine, feminine
stramone, feminine
strate, feminine
stratigraphie, feminine
stratocratie, feminine
strelitzia, feminine
strelitzie, feminine
streptococcie, feminine
streptomycine, feminine
strette, feminine
striation, feminine
stridence, feminine
stridulation, feminine
strioscopie, feminine
stripper, masculine
stripteaseuse, feminine
striure, feminine
strobilurine, feminine
strobophotographie, feminine
stroboscopie, feminine
strongylose, feminine
strontianite, feminine
structuration, feminine
structurologie, feminine
strume, feminine
strychnine, feminine
stryge, feminine
studette, feminine
stupeur, feminine
stylisation, feminine
stylisticienne, feminine
stylistique, feminine
stylite, masculine
styloïde, feminine
stylométrie, feminine
styracine, feminine
styrienne, feminine
styx, masculine
subculture, feminine
subdélégation, feminine
subdivision, feminine
subduction, feminine
subérification, feminine
subérone, feminine
subjectivation, feminine
subjugation, feminine
sublimité, feminine
subluxation, feminine
submersion, feminine
subordonnée, feminine
subornation, feminine
subreption, feminine
subrogation, feminine
subsannation, feminine
subsidence, feminine
subsidiarité, feminine
subsistance, feminine
subsomption, feminine
substantialité, feminine
substantivation, feminine
substitutivité, feminine
substruction, feminine
substructure, feminine
subtilisation, feminine
subversion, feminine
successeuse, feminine
successrice, feminine
succise, feminine
succulente, feminine
sucrase, feminine
sucrate, feminine
sucrette, feminine
sucy, masculine
sudation, feminine
suédine, feminine
suée, feminine
suette, feminine
suffixation, feminine
suffocation, feminine
pétitionneur, masculine
peton, masculine
pétou, masculine
pétrarquisme, masculine
pétrin, masculine
pétrissage, masculine
pétrocorien, masculine
pétrodollar, masculine
pétroglyphe, masculine
pétrolatum, masculine
pétroleur, masculine
pétrolier, masculine
petun, masculine
pétun, masculine
peucédanin, masculine
peuhl, masculine
peul, masculine
peulh, masculine
peuplement, masculine
pèze, masculine
pfennig, masculine
pfk, masculine
pgcd, masculine
phacochère, masculine
phacomètre, masculine
phage, masculine
phagédénisme, masculine
phagnalon, masculine
phagocytage, masculine
phalangiste, masculine
phalanstère, masculine
phalarope, masculine
phalloïde, masculine
phanère, masculine
phanérogame, masculine
phanérophyte, masculine
phantasmascope, masculine
pharisaïsme, masculine
pharisien, masculine
pharynx, masculine
phascolome, masculine
phasemètre, masculine
phasianidé, masculine
phasme, masculine
phasmide, masculine
phasmidé, masculine
phelloderme, masculine
phellogène, masculine
phénakistiscope, masculine
phénalène, masculine
phénanthrène, masculine
phénate, masculine
phénol, masculine
phénoplaste, masculine
phénothiazine, masculine
phényl, masculine
phényle, masculine
phénylène, masculine
phénylméthane, masculine
phéochromocytome, masculine
phérécyde, masculine
phi, masculine
philadelphe, masculine
philaire, masculine
philarète, masculine
philarétus, masculine
philémon, masculine
philharmonique, masculine
philibeg, masculine
philippiens, masculine
philistin, masculine
philistinisme, masculine
philodème, masculine
philodendron, masculine
philopon, masculine
philosophisme, masculine
philtre, masculine
philtrum, masculine
phimosis, masculine
phlébotomiste, masculine
phlégéthon, masculine
phlegmon, masculine
phloème, masculine
phoeniciculteur, masculine
phonatome, masculine
phonautographe, masculine
phone, masculine
phonéticien, masculine
phonétisme, masculine
phonogramme, masculine
phonolite, masculine
phonomètre, masculine
phonométrie, masculine
phoquier, masculine
phormium, masculine
phosgène, masculine
phosphatage, masculine
phosphatier, masculine
phosphène, masculine
phosphépine, masculine
phosphite, masculine
phosphoacylglycérol, masculine
phosphocaséinate, masculine
phosphoglycéride, masculine
phosphogypse, masculine
suffusion, feminine
suggestibilité, feminine
suggestivité, feminine
suicidabilité, feminine
suicidalité, feminine
suissesse, feminine
suiveuse, feminine
sulfatation, feminine
sulfhémoglobine, feminine
sulfonation, feminine
sulfuration, feminine
suliane, feminine
sultane, feminine
sumatrienne, feminine
sumérienne, feminine
sumiko, feminine
superbombe, feminine
supercellule, feminine
superclasse, feminine
supercorde, feminine
supercoupe, feminine
superfamille, feminine
superficialité, feminine
superfinition, feminine
superfluidité, feminine
superfluité, feminine
superforteresse, feminine
supergéante, feminine
superlentille, feminine
superligue, feminine
superplasticité, feminine
superposition, feminine
superproduction, feminine
superpuissance, feminine
superréaction, feminine
supersimplification, feminine
supersolidité, feminine
superstar, feminine
supersymétrie, feminine
superviseuse, feminine
supervision, feminine
superwoman, feminine
supination, feminine
supplantation, feminine
suppléance, feminine
supplémentation, feminine
supplétion, feminine
supplication, feminine
suppliciée, feminine
supplique, feminine
supporteuse, feminine
supportrice, feminine
supposition, feminine
suppuration, feminine
supputation, feminine
supraconduction, feminine
supramolécule, feminine
surabondance, feminine
suraccélération, feminine
suractivité, feminine
suralcoolisation, feminine
surboum, feminine
surcapacité, feminine
surchauffe, feminine
surchemise, feminine
surconsommation, feminine
surcouche, feminine
surdéclinaison, feminine
surdensité, feminine
surdétermination, feminine
surdimutité, feminine
surdouance, feminine
surenchère, feminine
surenchérisseuse, feminine
sureté, feminine
surette, feminine
sûrette, feminine
surévaluation, feminine
surexcitation, feminine
surexploitation, feminine
surexpression, feminine
surfaceuse, feminine
surfacturation, feminine
surfeuse, feminine
surfréquentation, feminine
surfusion, feminine
surgélation, feminine
surgénération, feminine
surhumanité, feminine
surimpression, feminine
surinamaise, feminine
surinfection, feminine
surinterprétation, feminine
surjection, feminine
surliquidité, feminine
surlonge, feminine
surmaturation, feminine
surmédiatisation, feminine
surmédicalisation, feminine
surmortalité, feminine
surmultiplication, feminine
surnatalité, feminine
suroscillation, feminine
suroxydation, feminine
surpêche, feminine
surpiqure, feminine
surpiqûre, feminine
surpression, feminine
surprime, feminine
surrection, feminine
surrégénération, feminine
surrelaxation, feminine
surreprésentation, feminine
surréservation, feminine
sursaturation, feminine
surséance, feminine
sursimulation, feminine
surtension, feminine
surutilisation, feminine
surveillante, feminine
survenance, feminine
survente, feminine
survenue, feminine
survirage, feminine
survitaminose, feminine
susceptibilité, feminine
suscription, feminine
suspense, masculine
suture, feminine
suze, feminine
suzeraineté, feminine
suzhou, feminine
swastika, masculine
swazie, feminine
sycomore, feminine
sydney, feminine
syène, feminine
syénite, feminine
syllabation, feminine
syllepse, feminine
phosphoryle, masculine
phosphure, masculine
photoamorceur, masculine
photobombeur, masculine
photoconducteur, masculine
photodétecteur, masculine
photogramme, masculine
photojournalisme, masculine
photomaton, masculine
photométéore, masculine
photomètre, masculine
photomultiplicateur, masculine
photopériodisme, masculine
photophore, masculine
photopolymère, masculine
photorécepteur, masculine
photoreportage, masculine
photostat, masculine
phototactisme, masculine
phototaxisme, masculine
phototype, masculine
phragmite, masculine
phrasé, masculine
phraseur, masculine
phthore, masculine
phuket, masculine
phylactère, masculine
phylloérythrine, masculine
phylloxera, masculine
phylloxéra, masculine
phylum, masculine
physicalisme, masculine
physicisme, masculine
physostome, masculine
phyto, masculine
phytoménadione, masculine
phytomère, masculine
phytotron, masculine
phytozoaire, masculine
pi, masculine
piaffement, masculine
piaillement, masculine
pianissimo, masculine
piat, masculine
piaulement, masculine
pib, masculine
picador, masculine
picage, masculine
picaillon, masculine
picardan, masculine
picarel, masculine
piccolo, masculine
picène, masculine
pichet, masculine
pichilemu, masculine
pichon, masculine
pickle, masculine
pickles, masculine
picocurie, masculine
picodon, masculine
picokatal, masculine
picolo, masculine
picon, masculine
picotin, masculine
picpoul, masculine
picquigny, masculine
picrate, masculine
picsou, masculine
picvert, masculine
pié, masculine
piédestal, masculine
piedmont, masculine
piédouche, masculine
piégeage, masculine
piégeur, masculine
piercing, masculine
piéride, masculine
pierrick, masculine
pierrier, masculine
pierrot, masculine
piétinement, masculine
piétisme, masculine
pieu, masculine
piézographe, masculine
piézomagnétisme, masculine
piézomètre, masculine
pif, masculine
pifomètre, masculine
pigeonnier, masculine
pigueroin, masculine
pika, masculine
pikogan, masculine
pilage, masculine
pilastre, masculine
pilates, masculine
pilchard, masculine
pillard, masculine
pilleur, masculine
pilocarpe, masculine
pilon, masculine
pilonnage, masculine
syllogomanie, feminine
sylvette, feminine
sylvicultrice, feminine
sylvine, feminine
sylvinite, feminine
symè, feminine
symi, feminine
sympatrie, feminine
symphoniette, feminine
symphorine, feminine
symphyse, feminine
symplésiomorphie, feminine
symptomatologie, feminine
synanthérie, feminine
synaptase, feminine
synarchie, feminine
synarthrose, feminine
synchondrose, feminine
synchroniseuse, feminine
syncinésie, feminine
syndesmographie, feminine
syndesmologie, feminine
syndesmose, feminine
syndicalisation, feminine
synéchie, feminine
synécologie, feminine
synectique, feminine
synérèse, feminine
synergide, feminine
synfibrose, feminine
syngamie, feminine
synonymie, feminine
synopse, feminine
synopsie, feminine
synopsis, masculine
synovectomie, feminine
synovie, feminine
syntacticienne, feminine
syntonie, feminine
syntonisation, feminine
syphilide, feminine
syphiligraphie, feminine
syphilographie, feminine
syracuse, feminine
syriarchie, feminine
syringomyélie, feminine
syssarcose, feminine
syzygie, feminine
taaf, feminine
tabacologie, feminine
tabacomanie, feminine
tabagie, feminine
tablature, feminine
tablée, feminine
tabulation, feminine
tabulatrice, feminine
tac, masculine
taché, masculine
tachéométrie, feminine
tacheture, feminine
tachina, feminine
tachine, feminine
tachyarythmie, feminine
tachygenèse, feminine
tachygraphie, feminine
tachykinine, feminine
tachymétrie, feminine
tachyphagie, feminine
tachyphémie, feminine
tachyphylaxie, feminine
tachypsychie, feminine
taciturnité, feminine
tacticienne, feminine
tadjourah, feminine
taekwondoïste, masculine
taenia, feminine
taénite, feminine
taf, masculine
taffe, feminine
tafia, masculine
tafiole, feminine
tag, masculine
tagète, masculine
tagette, feminine
tagueuse, feminine
taillanderie, feminine
tailleuse, feminine
tainpe, feminine
taïwanaise, feminine
takako, feminine
tâla, feminine
talectomie, feminine
tallinn, feminine
talmouse, feminine
talonnade, feminine
talonnette, feminine
talonnière, feminine
tamborineuse, feminine
tambouille, feminine
tamiko, feminine
tana, feminine
tanagra, feminine
tanaisie, feminine
tananarive, feminine
tanche, feminine
tangence, feminine
tangente, feminine
pilori, masculine
pilosité, masculine
pilotis, masculine
pilulier, masculine
pilum, masculine
pinacle, masculine
pinailleur, masculine
pinastre, masculine
pincement, masculine
pinceur, masculine
pinçon, masculine
pindare, masculine
pindarisme, masculine
pinéal, masculine
pineau, masculine
pinène, masculine
pinnipède, masculine
pinnothère, masculine
pinot, masculine
pin's, masculine
pinyin, masculine
piogre, masculine
piolet, masculine
piotr, masculine
piou, masculine
pioupiou, masculine
pipa, masculine
pipeau, masculine
pipelet, masculine
pipeline, masculine
piperade, masculine
pipérazine, masculine
pipéridine, masculine
piperin, masculine
pipéronal, masculine
pipit, masculine
pipole, masculine
pipotron, masculine
piquage, masculine
piquebois, masculine
piquenique, masculine
piqueniqueur, masculine
piquet, masculine
piqueupe, masculine
piqueur, masculine
piquier, masculine
piraya, masculine
pirojki, masculine
piroplasme, masculine
piroplasmide, masculine
pisciculteur, masculine
pisco, masculine
pisé, masculine
pison, masculine
pissement, masculine
pisseur, masculine
pissevin, masculine
pissoir, masculine
pistage, masculine
pistard, masculine
pisteur, masculine
pistil, masculine
piston, masculine
pistou, masculine
pitbull, masculine
pitch, masculine
pitchpin, masculine
pithiatisme, masculine
pitit, masculine
piton, masculine
pitou, masculine
pitre, masculine
pittacale, masculine
pittospore, masculine
pittosporum, masculine
pivotage, masculine
pivotement, masculine
pizzicato, masculine
pl, masculine
placage, masculine
plaçage, masculine
placardage, masculine
placebo, masculine
placement, masculine
placentaire, masculine
placet, masculine
placier, masculine
placoplâtre, masculine
plafonnier, masculine
plagiotropisme, masculine
plaid, masculine
plaideur, masculine
plaidoyer, masculine
plaignant, masculine
plaisancier, masculine
plaisantin, masculine
planchet, masculine
plançon, masculine
tannerie, feminine
tanneuse, feminine
tantine, feminine
tapenade, feminine
taphonomie, feminine
taphophilie, feminine
tapineuse, feminine
tapissière, feminine
taquéria, feminine
taquine, feminine
taquinerie, feminine
tarasque, masculine
tarente, feminine
tarentule, feminine
targe, feminine
targette, feminine
tarification, feminine
tarlatane, feminine
tarlouse, feminine
tarlouze, feminine
taroupe, feminine
tarraconaise, feminine
tarraconnaise, feminine
tarsalgie, feminine
tarsectomie, feminine
tartane, feminine
tarterie, feminine
tartiflette, feminine
tartinade, feminine
tartuffe, masculine
tartufferie, feminine
taspé, feminine
tassepé, feminine
tassette, feminine
tasspé, feminine
tata, masculine
tatane, feminine
tatie, feminine
tatouille, feminine
taularde, feminine
taule, feminine
taulière, feminine
taupière, feminine
taupinière, feminine
taure, feminine
tautochrone, feminine
tautomérie, feminine
tautou, masculine
tavaïolle, feminine
tavelure, feminine
tavernière, feminine
taxicatine, feminine
taxine, feminine
taxonomie, feminine
taylor, masculine
taylorisation, feminine
tcc, feminine
tcd, masculine
tchadienne, feminine
tchatche, feminine
tchernihiv, feminine
tchoin, feminine
tchop, feminine
tchoussovaïa, feminine
tebé, feminine
techa, feminine
technicienne, feminine
technicisation, feminine
technicité, feminine
technicouleur, feminine
technocratisation, feminine
technographie, feminine
technophilie, feminine
technophobie, feminine
technopole, feminine
technostructure, feminine
téci, feminine
tectonisation, feminine
tectonophysique, feminine
tectrice, feminine
tégénaire, feminine
tégestophilie, feminine
téhéran, feminine
teigne, feminine
teinte, feminine
teinturerie, feminine
teinturière, feminine
télangiectasie, feminine
téléalarme, feminine
téléautographie, feminine
télébenne, feminine
télécabine, feminine
télécarte, feminine
téléchirurgie, feminine
télécom, feminine
télécommunications, feminine
téléconseillère, feminine
télécopie, feminine
télédéclaration, feminine
télédétection, feminine
télédiffusion, feminine
télédistribution, feminine
téléformation, feminine
télégestion, feminine
téléinformatique, feminine
télékinésie, feminine
télémanipulation, feminine
télématique, feminine
télémédecine, feminine
téléologie, feminine
téléonomie, feminine
téléopératrice, feminine
téléphoneuse, feminine
planétaire, masculine
planétésimal, masculine
planétoide, masculine
planétoïde, masculine
planeur, masculine
planificateur, masculine
planimètre, masculine
planisme, masculine
planisphère, masculine
planqué, masculine
plant, masculine
plantage, masculine
plantain, masculine
planteur, masculine
plantier, masculine
plantigrade, masculine
plantoir, masculine
planton, masculine
plaquage, masculine
plaqueminier, masculine
plaqueur, masculine
plaquiste, masculine
plasma, masculine
plasmateur, masculine
plasmide, masculine
plasmocyte, masculine
plasmode, masculine
plasmodesme, masculine
plasmodium, masculine
plastic, masculine
plasticage, masculine
plasticien, masculine
plastide, masculine
plastifiant, masculine
plastiquage, masculine
plastique, masculine
plastiqueur, masculine
plastisol, masculine
plastron, masculine
platelage, masculine
platin, masculine
platinage, masculine
platinoïde, masculine
platonisme, masculine
plâtrage, masculine
plâtras, masculine
plâtrier, masculine
plaute, masculine
plavon, masculine
playback, masculine
playboy, masculine
plc, masculine
plectre, masculine
plein, masculine
pléistocène, masculine
pléonaste, masculine
plérôme, masculine
plésiomorphisme, masculine
plésiosaure, masculine
pléthon, masculine
pleurard, masculine
pleureur, masculine
pleurobranche, masculine
pleuronecte, masculine
pleurote, masculine
pleuven, masculine
plexus, masculine
pliage, masculine
plie, masculine
plieur, masculine
pline, masculine
pliocène, masculine
plioir, masculine
plisseur, masculine
ploc, masculine
plocéidé, masculine
plombage, masculine
plombagine, masculine
plombate, masculine
plombite, masculine
plot, masculine
plouf, masculine
ploussard, masculine
plq, masculine
plug, masculine
plugiciel, masculine
plumassier, masculine
plumbago, masculine
plumeau, masculine
plumet, masculine
plumetis, masculine
plumets, masculine
plumitif, masculine
pluripartisme, masculine
plutarque, masculine
pluvial, masculine
pluvian, masculine
pluvier, masculine
pma, masculine
pmu, masculine
pneumatique, masculine
pneumatophore, masculine
pneumogastrique, masculine
pneumothorax, masculine
pnictogène, masculine
pnicture, masculine
poa, masculine
pochard, masculine
pocheteau, masculine
pochetron, masculine
pochoir, masculine
pochtron, masculine
podcasting, masculine
podolithe, masculine
podophylle, masculine
podoscaphe, masculine
podzol, masculine
téléphotographie, feminine
téléradiographie, feminine
téléradiothérapie, feminine
téléréalité, feminine
télésignalisation, feminine
téléspeakerine, feminine
télesthésie, feminine
télétransmission, feminine
télétubby, feminine
téleutospore, feminine
télévendeuse, feminine
télévente, feminine
téloche, feminine
télophase, feminine
télotaxie, feminine
télougoue, feminine
tempérance, feminine
temporalité, feminine
temporisation, feminine
tenaille, feminine
ténalgie, feminine
tenancière, feminine
tendinite, feminine
ténèbre, feminine
ténébrosité, feminine
teneuse, feminine
tenniswoman, feminine
ténoise, feminine
ténopathie, feminine
ténoplastie, feminine
ténorite, feminine
ténotomie, feminine
tenségrité, feminine
tensioactivité, feminine
tensiométrie, feminine
tenson, feminine
tentatrice, feminine
tenure, feminine
téphrite, feminine
téphronie, feminine
tépidité, feminine
tepu, feminine
tequila, feminine
tératogénie, feminine
tératome, feminine
tératoscopie, feminine
tergite, feminine
tergiversation, feminine
termen, feminine
termitière, feminine
terpinole, feminine
terraformation, feminine
terrassière, feminine
terrienne, feminine
territorialisation, feminine
territorialité, feminine
tertiarisation, feminine
tessellation, feminine
tessiture, feminine
testatrice, feminine
teste, feminine
testeuse, feminine
têt, masculine
tétanie, feminine
tétanisation, feminine
tétère, feminine
téteuse, feminine
tetherine, feminine
têtière, feminine
tétonnière, feminine
tétracaïne, feminine
tétrachromatie, feminine
tétrade, feminine
tétradymite, feminine
tétraédrite, feminine
tétrafluorure, feminine
tétrahydronaphtaline, feminine
tétraline, feminine
tétraphonie, feminine
tétrapilectomie, feminine
tétraploïdie, feminine
tétrapole, feminine
tétrarchie, feminine
tétratomicité, feminine
tétravalence, feminine
tétrode, feminine
teub, feminine
teubé, feminine
teuch, feminine
teufeuse, feminine
teulières, masculine
texane, feminine
textualité, feminine
texture, feminine
texturisation, feminine
thaïe, feminine
thaïs, feminine
thalamège, feminine
thalassocratie, feminine
poêlon, masculine
poëme, masculine
poëte, masculine
poétereau, masculine
pognon, masculine
pogo, masculine
pogonophore, masculine
pogrom, masculine
pogrome, masculine
poignardage, masculine
poile, masculine
poilu, masculine
poincarisme, masculine
poinçon, masculine
poinçonnage, masculine
pointage, masculine
pointeau, masculine
pointer, masculine
pointeur, masculine
pointillé, masculine
poiré, masculine
poitevin, masculine
poitrail, masculine
polack, masculine
polak, masculine
polandball, masculine
polarimètre, masculine
polarisateur, masculine
polariscope, masculine
polariseur, masculine
polaroïd, masculine
polatouche, masculine
polder, masculine
polémarque, masculine
poli, masculine
policeman, masculine
polichinelle, masculine
polissage, masculine
polisseur, masculine
polissoir, masculine
politicard, masculine
pollinisateur, masculine
polluant, masculine
pollueur, masculine
pollupostage, masculine
pollux, masculine
poloniure, masculine
polovtsien, masculine
polyacide, masculine
polyacrylique, masculine
polyade, masculine
thalassothermie, feminine
thalidomide, feminine
thallophyte, feminine
thanatologue, masculine
thanatopraxie, feminine
thaumaturgie, feminine
théâtralisation, feminine
théâtralité, feminine
théâtreuse, feminine
thébaïde, feminine
thébaine, feminine
thébaïne, feminine
thèbes, feminine
thècle, feminine
théogonie, feminine
théologienne, feminine
théophanie, feminine
théophilanthropie, feminine
théopneustie, feminine
théorêt, masculine
théorétique, feminine
théorisation, feminine
thèque, feminine
thérianthrope, masculine
thérianthropie, feminine
thériaque, feminine
thermie, feminine
thermistance, feminine
thermite, feminine
thermoacoustique, feminine
thermoclastie, feminine
thermocline, feminine
thermoconvection, feminine
thermoélectricité, feminine
thermogravimétrie, feminine
thermolyse, feminine
thermométrie, feminine
thermopompe, feminine
thermopropulsion, feminine
thermorégulation, feminine
thermosphère, feminine
thermostabilité, feminine
thermothérapie, feminine
thermovinification, feminine
thérouanne, feminine
thésarde, feminine
thésauriseuse, feminine
thésium, feminine
thessalonicienne, feminine
théurgie, feminine
théza, masculine
thibaude, feminine
thiellement, masculine
thigmomorphogénèse, feminine
thiorédoxine, feminine
thiourée, feminine
thixotropie, feminine
thoïonade, feminine
tholine, feminine
thonine, feminine
thoracentèse, feminine
thoracocentèse, feminine
thoracoplastie, feminine
thorine, feminine
thorite, feminine
thridace, feminine
thromboplastine, feminine
thrombospondine, feminine
thug, masculine
thune, feminine
thurne, feminine
thymèle, feminine
thymélée, feminine
thymidine, feminine
thymorégulateur, feminine
thyréostimuline, feminine
thyroglobuline, feminine
thyroïdectomie, feminine
thyroïdite, feminine
thyrotrophine, feminine
tiag, feminine
tiare, feminine
tibétologie, feminine
tiédeur, feminine
tiffenn, feminine
tigranocerte, feminine
tigridie, feminine
tiliacée, feminine
tillandsia, feminine
tillandsie, feminine
timbromanie, feminine
timișoara, feminine
timonerie, feminine
timonière, feminine
tinée, feminine
tinque, feminine
tinténiac, feminine
tintinologie, feminine
tioumen, feminine
tipule, feminine
tiquette, feminine
tiretaine, feminine
tirette, feminine
tireuse, feminine
tirlemont, feminine
tisiphone, feminine
tismé, masculine
tisserande, feminine
tisseranderie, feminine
titanomagnétite, feminine
titillation, feminine
titraille, feminine
titrimétrie, feminine
titularisation, feminine
titulature, feminine
tiyana, feminine
tlfi, feminine
tmèse, feminine
polyakène, masculine
polyalcool, masculine
polyallélisme, masculine
polyandrisme, masculine
polyarène, masculine
polyazole, masculine
polybe, masculine
polybutadiène, masculine
polycarboxylate, masculine
polycarpe, masculine
polycentrisme, masculine
polycétide, masculine
polychlorure, masculine
polychore, masculine
polychreste, masculine
polychroïsme, masculine
polycondensat, masculine
polycopiage, masculine
polycorde, masculine
polyculturalisme, masculine
polydactylisme, masculine
polydiméthylsiloxane, masculine
polyène, masculine
polyépoxyde, masculine
polyéthène, masculine
polygala, masculine
polygale, masculine
polygamite, masculine
polygénisme, masculine
polyglottisme, masculine
polygramme, masculine
polyhandicap, masculine
polyholoside, masculine
polyhybridisme, masculine
polyhydroxyalcanoate, masculine
polyisoprène, masculine
polykétide, masculine
polymathisme, masculine
polymélie, masculine
polymérisme, masculine
polymorphie, masculine
polynia, masculine
polynucléotide, masculine
polyoléfine, masculine
polyoside, masculine
polyoxyméthylène, masculine
polyparasitisme, masculine
polypeptide, masculine
polyphème, masculine
polypier, masculine
polypode, masculine
polyprénol, masculine
polypropylène, masculine
polyptère, masculine
polyptote, masculine
polyptyque, masculine
polysaccaride, masculine
polysaccharide, masculine
polysème, masculine
polyspaste, masculine
polysulfure, masculine
polysyllabe, masculine
polysyllabisme, masculine
polysynthétisme, masculine
polytechnicien, masculine
polyterpène, masculine
polytétrafluoroéthylène, masculine
polytherme, masculine
polythiazyle, masculine
polytopisme, masculine
polytraumatisme, masculine
polytric, masculine
polyvalence, masculine
polyvalent, masculine
polyzoaire, masculine
pomelo, masculine
pomélo, masculine
pommeau, masculine
pompage, masculine
pompée, masculine
pompeur, masculine
pompiérisme, masculine
pompon, masculine
ponant, masculine
ponçage, masculine
ponceau, masculine
ponch, masculine
poncho, masculine
poncif, masculine
pondoir, masculine
pongidé, masculine
pontage, masculine
pontet, masculine
pontiac, masculine
pontier, masculine
pontife, masculine
pontonnier, masculine
pontuseau, masculine
pool, masculine
poolish, masculine
pop, masculine
popaul, masculine
popcorn, masculine
popo, masculine
populage, masculine
populaire, masculine
populo, masculine
poquet, masculine
porcelainier, masculine
porche, masculine
porcher, masculine
pore, masculine
pori, masculine
porion, masculine
porisme, masculine
porno, masculine
porophore, masculine
porphyre, masculine
porphyroïde, masculine
porreau, masculine
porridge, masculine
tn, feminine
tnt, feminine
tobol, feminine
tobolsk, feminine
tocade, feminine
togolaise, feminine
toilière, feminine
toise, feminine
tokélaouanne, feminine
tokophobie, feminine
tôlarde, feminine
tôlerie, feminine
tôlière, feminine
tolisso, masculine
tolite, feminine
tolstoï, masculine
toluidine, feminine
tombelaine, feminine
tombeuse, feminine
tomblaine, feminine
tomette, feminine
tomme, feminine
tong, feminine
tonicité, feminine
tonique, feminine
tonnelière, feminine
tonométrie, feminine
tonsille, feminine
tonsure, feminine
tonte, feminine
tontine, feminine
tontinière, feminine
tootoo, masculine
toparchie, feminine
topectomie, feminine
topette, feminine
topiaire, masculine
topie, feminine
topochimie, feminine
torchère, feminine
torgnole, feminine
tormentille, feminine
torontoise, feminine
torpeur, feminine
torque, masculine
torréfaction, feminine
torréfactrice, feminine
torsade, feminine
tory, masculine
totalisation, feminine
tototte, feminine
touaille, feminine
touba, feminine
touchette, feminine
touille, feminine
touillette, feminine
toulonnaise, feminine
touloubre, feminine
toulouges, masculine
touloupe, feminine
tourancheau, masculine
tourangelle, feminine
touré, masculine
tourelle, feminine
tourière, feminine
tourmenteuse, feminine
tournante, feminine
tournette, feminine
tourneuse, feminine
tournure, feminine
tourte, feminine
tourtière, feminine
tourtouse, feminine
toutenague, feminine
toutologue, masculine
toutoune, feminine
toxalbumine, feminine
toxémie, feminine
toxicodermie, feminine
toxicologie, feminine
toxicose, feminine
toxidermie, feminine
tpe, feminine
tps, feminine
trabécule, feminine
trabéculectomie, feminine
portefaix, masculine
portemanteau, masculine
portemine, masculine
portfolio, masculine
portneuf, masculine
porto, masculine
portoricain, masculine
posadisme, masculine
poséidon, masculine
positionnement, masculine
positon, masculine
positron, masculine
possessif, masculine
possibilisme, masculine
possible, masculine
post, masculine
postage, masculine
postdoctorant, masculine
poster, masculine
postier, masculine
postillon, masculine
postscriptum, masculine
postulant, masculine
potache, masculine
potamochère, masculine
potamoplancton, masculine
potanine, masculine
potard, masculine
potentat, masculine
potentiomètre, masculine
potimarron, masculine
potlatch, masculine
poto, masculine
potomètre, masculine
poubellisme, masculine
poucet, masculine
pouding, masculine
poudlard, masculine
pouf, masculine
pougnasson, masculine
pouilleux, masculine
pouillot, masculine
poujadisme, masculine
poulaga, masculine
poulamon, masculine
poularies, masculine
pouliot, masculine
poulsard, masculine
poupard, masculine
pourchas, masculine
pourfendeur, masculine
pourim, masculine
pourparler, masculine
pourpoint, masculine
pourpre, masculine
pourri, masculine
pourriciel, masculine
pourrissement, masculine
poursuivant, masculine
pourvoi, masculine
pourvoyeur, masculine
poussé, masculine
poussier, masculine
poussinet, masculine
pouterol, masculine
poutinien, masculine
poutinisme, masculine
poutrage, masculine
powoir, masculine
ppcm, masculine
pq, masculine
pr, masculine
præcipice, masculine
prædicateur, masculine
præfect, masculine
praesidium, masculine
prætoire, masculine
praire, masculine
pralin, masculine
pralinage, masculine
praliné, masculine
prao, masculine
praséodymate, masculine
pratiquant, masculine
praxitèle, masculine
préaccord, masculine
préadamisme, masculine
préadamite, masculine
préadolescent, masculine
préalable, masculine
préau, masculine
préavis, masculine
préceptorat, masculine
préchauffage, masculine
prêche, masculine
prêcheur, masculine
préciput, masculine
précompte, masculine
préconfinement, masculine
préconisateur, masculine
prédicament, masculine
prédicant, masculine
prédicteur, masculine
préembryon, masculine
préf, masculine
préfacier, masculine
préfinancement, masculine
préformationisme, masculine
preissac, masculine
prélart, masculine
prélat, masculine
prélavage, masculine
préleveur, masculine
prématuré, masculine
prémaxillaire, masculine
premier, masculine
premium, masculine
prémix, masculine
prémoniteur, masculine
prénanthe, masculine
prendeur, masculine
preneur, masculine
prénol, masculine
préon, masculine
prépaiement, masculine
préparateur, masculine
préparatif, masculine
préposé, masculine
prépositionnel, masculine
prépreg, masculine
prérecrutement, masculine
préréglage, masculine
préromantisme, masculine
présalaire, masculine
presbytère, masculine
presbytérien, masculine
prescripteur, masculine
prescriptivisme, masculine
présélecteur, masculine
présentéisme, masculine
présentisme, masculine
présidentialisme, masculine
présidium, masculine
presle, masculine
pressage, masculine
pressement, masculine
pressier, masculine
pressing, masculine
pressiomètre, masculine
pressoir, masculine
pressurage, masculine
prestidigitateur, masculine
prétendant, masculine
prétoire, masculine
preu, masculine
prévaricateur, masculine
préventorium, masculine
préverbe, masculine
traboule, feminine
traçabilité, feminine
tracasserie, feminine
tracerie, feminine
traceuse, feminine
trachéite, feminine
trachéostomie, feminine
trachyandésite, feminine
track, masculine
traction, feminine
tractopelle, feminine
tradescantia, feminine
trading, masculine
traditionnaire, masculine
traductologie, feminine
traductrice, feminine
trafiquante, feminine
trafiqueuse, feminine
tragédienne, feminine
traille, feminine
traînarde, feminine
traine, feminine
traîne, feminine
trainée, feminine
traînée, feminine
traiteuse, feminine
traîtresse, feminine
traîtrise, feminine
trajectographie, feminine
trance, feminine
tranchée, feminine
trang, feminine
transférase, feminine
transfixion, feminine
transformée, feminine
transgenèse, feminine
transgresseuse, feminine
transhumance, feminine
transidentité, feminine
transistorisation, feminine
transitivité, feminine
transitude, feminine
translocation, feminine
translucidité, feminine
transmissibilité, feminine
transmissivité, feminine
transmutabilité, feminine
transnistrie, feminine
transoxiane, feminine
transpiration, feminine
transplantation, feminine
transportation, feminine
transposée, feminine
transposition, feminine
transsexuelle, feminine
transsudation, feminine
transvection, feminine
transversale, feminine
trapani, feminine
trappage, feminine
trappe, feminine
trappiste, feminine
traque, feminine
traqueuse, feminine
travailleuse, feminine
travée, feminine
traverse, feminine
traverseuse, feminine
trax, feminine
trayeuse, feminine
trébeurden, feminine
trébizonde, feminine
tréfoncière, feminine
trégomeur, feminine
trekkeuse, feminine
tremblaie, feminine
tremblaye, feminine
trembleuse, feminine
trémie, feminine
trémière, feminine
trémolite, feminine
trempabilité, feminine
trempette, feminine
trémulation, feminine
trente, feminine
tréphone, feminine
trépidation, feminine
tréponématose, feminine
trèves, feminine
triacétine, feminine
triangulaire, feminine
tribade, feminine
triboélectricité, feminine
triboluminescence, feminine
tribométrie, feminine
tribulation, feminine
triche, feminine
tricherie, feminine
tricheuse, feminine
trichinose, feminine
trichite, feminine
trichologie, feminine
trichotomie, feminine
trichromatie, feminine
trichromie, feminine
tricoteuse, feminine
tridacne, feminine
trière, feminine
trieuse, feminine
triglycéridémie, feminine
trigo, feminine
prévôt, masculine
prfc, masculine
priam, masculine
priape, masculine
priapisme, masculine
priest, masculine
prieur, masculine
prieuré, masculine
primel, masculine
primidi, masculine
primipile, masculine
primitivisme, masculine
priodonte, masculine
priorat, masculine
prisu, masculine
prisunic, masculine
prit, masculine
privilége, masculine
prm, masculine
proa, masculine
probabilisme, masculine
problême, masculine
proboscidien, masculine
procédurier, masculine
prochain, masculine
proconsul, masculine
proconsulat, masculine
procrastinateur, masculine
procréateur, masculine
procruste, masculine
proctodeum, masculine
procurateur, masculine
productivisme, masculine
proembryon, masculine
proeutectoïde, masculine
profanateur, masculine
profanement, masculine
profès, masculine
professorat, masculine
profileur, masculine
profilographe, masculine
profiteur, masculine
progéniteur, masculine
progestatif, masculine
progiciel, masculine
programmateur, masculine
progressisme, masculine
projo, masculine
prolatif, masculine
prolégomènes, masculine
prolongateur, masculine
promeneur, masculine
prométhate, masculine
prométhazine, masculine
prométhée, masculine
prométhéum, masculine
prometteur, masculine
prompteur, masculine
promulgateur, masculine
promyélocyte, masculine
pronateur, masculine
prône, masculine
prono, masculine
pronostiqueur, masculine
pronunciamiento, masculine
prony, masculine
propagandisme, masculine
propagateur, masculine
propanol, masculine
propènal, masculine
propène, masculine
propergol, masculine
prophétisme, masculine
propitiateur, masculine
propréteur, masculine
proprio, masculine
propriocepteur, masculine
propriorécepteur, masculine
propulseur, masculine
propyle, masculine
propylène, masculine
prorata, masculine
prosateur, masculine
trigonalisation, feminine
trigonelle, feminine
trijonction, feminine
trimérisation, feminine
triméthylamine, feminine
trinitrine, feminine
trinitroamine, feminine
trinitroglycérine, feminine
trinquage, feminine
tripartition, feminine
tripe, feminine
triperie, feminine
tripes, feminine
triphénylphosphine, feminine
tripière, feminine
triplette, feminine
triploïdie, feminine
tripodie, feminine
tripolitaine, feminine
tripotée, feminine
trique, feminine
trirème, feminine
trisaïeule, feminine
triskaidékaphobie, feminine
trisomie, feminine
tristéarine, feminine
triticine, feminine
trituration, feminine
trivialité, feminine
troade, feminine
trobairitz, feminine
trochlée, feminine
trogne, feminine
trogocytose, feminine
troïanovski, masculine
troïka, feminine
troisième, feminine
trombidiose, feminine
trombine, feminine
troncation, feminine
troncature, feminine
tronche, feminine
tropéoline, feminine
tropézienne, feminine
trophallaxie, feminine
tropicalisation, feminine
troponine, feminine
tropopause, feminine
trottinette, feminine
troyen, masculine
troyenne, feminine
troyes, feminine
truble, feminine
truchard, masculine
truculence, feminine
trudeaumanie, feminine
truelle, feminine
truellée, feminine
trufficulture, feminine
truffière, feminine
truqueuse, feminine
truyère, feminine
trypanosomiase, feminine
trypsine, feminine
tshoin, feminine
tsingoni, feminine
tsuguko, feminine
tubéraire, feminine
tuberculide, feminine
tuberculisation, feminine
tubéreuse, feminine
tubérisation, feminine
tubérosité, feminine
tubuline, feminine
tubulure, feminine
tuilerie, feminine
tuileries, feminine
tuilette, feminine
tulipomanie, feminine
tumescence, feminine
tune, feminine
tungsténite, feminine
tunicine, feminine
tunisification, feminine
tunisoise, feminine
tuque, feminine
turbine, feminine
turbinelle, feminine
turbomachine, feminine
turbopompe, feminine
turbotière, feminine
turbulences, feminine
turcologie, feminine
turcomane, feminine
turgescence, feminine
türkiye, feminine
turlurette, feminine
turlute, feminine
turlutte, feminine
turne, feminine
turpitude, feminine
tutie, feminine
tuyauteuse, feminine
tuyère, feminine
tv, feminine
tva, feminine
tvq, feminine
proscenium, masculine
proscripteur, masculine
prosecteur, masculine
prosélyte, masculine
prosimien, masculine
prosobranche, masculine
prosome, masculine
prospectus, masculine
prostatisme, masculine
prostitué, masculine
prostyle, masculine
prosyllogisme, masculine
prote, masculine
protéasome, masculine
protectorat, masculine
protéide, masculine
protèle, masculine
protéome, masculine
protéomicien, masculine
protérozoïque, masculine
protide, masculine
protiodure, masculine
protiste, masculine
protistologiste, masculine
protobromure, masculine
protocarbure, masculine
protocérébron, masculine
protochlorure, masculine
protocyanure, masculine
protofluorure, masculine
protohistorien, masculine
protoiodure, masculine
protologisme, masculine
protologue, masculine
protomartyr, masculine
protomé, masculine
protonotaire, masculine
protophosphure, masculine
protoplasme, masculine
protoptère, masculine
protosel, masculine
protoséléniure, masculine
protostomien, masculine
protosulfure, masculine
protothérien, masculine
prototrophe, masculine
protoxyde, masculine
proudhonisme, masculine
prout, masculine
provéditeur, masculine
proverbes, masculine
providentialisme, masculine
provincial, masculine
provincialisme, masculine
proxène, masculine
prud'homme, masculine
prudhomme, masculine
prunelier, masculine
prunellier, masculine
prurigo, masculine
prytane, masculine
ps, masculine
psa, masculine
psaltérion, masculine
psaumes, masculine
pschent, masculine
pseautier, masculine
pseudencéphale, masculine
pseudépigraphe, masculine
pseudo, masculine
pseudobulbe, masculine
pseudohalogène, masculine
pseudohalogénure, masculine
pseudoparasitisme, masculine
pseudorhumatisme, masculine
pseudoscalaire, masculine
pseudotumeur, masculine
psi, masculine
psilocybe, masculine
psittacidé, masculine
psittacisme, masculine
psophomètre, masculine
psoralène, masculine
psoralier, masculine
psychédélisme, masculine
psychisme, masculine
psychodrame, masculine
psychologisme, masculine
psychophysicien, masculine
psychotechnicien, masculine
ptéridophyte, masculine
ptérodactyle, masculine
ptérosaure, masculine
ptérosaurien, masculine
ptérygote, masculine
ptilocerque, masculine
ptolémée, masculine
pubard, masculine
pubis, masculine
publiant, masculine
publicain, masculine
publiciel, masculine
publirédactionnel, masculine
publireportage, masculine
puçage, masculine
puceau, masculine
pucelage, masculine
pucier, masculine
pudding, masculine
puddleur, masculine
puériculteur, masculine
puérilisme, masculine
puffin, masculine
puîné, masculine
puisage, masculine
puisard, masculine
puisatier, masculine
pukeko, masculine
pullman, masculine
pulmoné, masculine
twitteuse, feminine
twittosphère, feminine
tya, feminine
tympanosclérose, feminine
tympanotomie, feminine
typhlite, feminine
typhoïde, masculine
typhomycine, feminine
typicité, feminine
typolithographie, feminine
typote, feminine
typtologie, feminine
tyranne, feminine
tyrrhénienne, feminine
tzarine, feminine
uaf, feminine
uberisation, feminine
ubérisation, feminine
uchronie, feminine
uci, feminine
uda, feminine
ue, feminine
uer, feminine
ues, feminine
ufologie, feminine
ulcération, feminine
ulmine, feminine
ultracentrifugation, feminine
ultrafiltration, feminine
ultranationalisme, feminine
ulve, feminine
ump, feminine
unedic, feminine
uni, feminine
unicité, feminine
unificatrice, feminine
uniformisation, feminine
unipolarité, feminine
unisexualité, feminine
unitarité, feminine
univ, feminine
univerbation, feminine
universalisation, feminine
univocité, feminine
uple, feminine
uralsk, feminine
uranie, feminine
uraninite, feminine
uranographie, feminine
uranologie, feminine
uranoplastie, feminine
uréase, feminine
urédospore, feminine
urée, feminine
uréotélie, feminine
urétérite, feminine
urétérostomie, feminine
urétrite, feminine
urgentologie, feminine
uricémie, feminine
uricotélie, feminine
uricotélisme, feminine
urobiline, feminine
urobilinurie, feminine
urographie, feminine
urologie, feminine
urss, feminine
ursuline, feminine
urticacée, feminine
urtication, feminine
usance, feminine
usinabilité, feminine
usnée, feminine
utéroscopie, feminine
utrecht, feminine
utriculaire, masculine
uvarovite, feminine
uvée, feminine
uvéite, feminine
uvre, feminine
vacancière, feminine
vacation, feminine
vaccinatrice, feminine
vaccinide, feminine
vaccinoïde, feminine
vaccinologie, feminine
vaccinothérapie, feminine
vachère, feminine
vacherie, feminine
vachette, feminine
vacillation, feminine
vacuole, feminine
vacuolisation, feminine
vacuome, feminine
vadrouille, feminine
vagabonde, feminine
pulque, masculine
pulsoréacteur, masculine
pulvérisateur, masculine
pulvériseur, masculine
punch, masculine
puncheur, masculine
punctum, masculine
punisseur, masculine
punitivisme, masculine
punjel, masculine
punk, masculine
pupitreur, masculine
purgeur, masculine
purificateur, masculine
purisme, masculine
puritain, masculine
puritanisme, masculine
purpura, masculine
pursang, masculine
puseyisme, masculine
putaclic, masculine
putanisme, masculine
putet, masculine
putier, masculine
putsch, masculine
putter, masculine
putto, masculine
puy, masculine
pv, masculine
pycnogonide, masculine
pycnomètre, masculine
pyélon, masculine
pygargue, masculine
pygidium, masculine
pylone, masculine
pyogranulome, masculine
pyramidion, masculine
pyramidon, masculine
pyrane, masculine
pyranomètre, masculine
pyrèthre, masculine
pyréthrinoïde, masculine
pyréthroïde, masculine
pyrhéliomètre, masculine
pyrochlore, masculine
pyroclaste, masculine
pyrogallol, masculine
pyrographe, masculine
pyromètre, masculine
pyrope, masculine
pyrophore, masculine
pyroséquençage, masculine
pyrrhonisme, masculine
pyrrhus, masculine
pyrrol, masculine
pythagorisme, masculine
q, masculine
qat, masculine
qatari, masculine
qatarien, masculine
qc, masculine
qcm, masculine
qg, masculine
qi, masculine
qilin, masculine
qohéleth, masculine
qouf, masculine
qu, masculine
quadrant, masculine
quadri, masculine
quadricarbure, masculine
quadriceps, masculine
quadricycle, masculine
quadrilatère, masculine
quadrillage, masculine
quadrilobe, masculine
quadrimestre, masculine
quadrinôme, masculine
quadripôle, masculine
quadriréacteur, masculine
quadrisaïeul, masculine
quadrisulfure, masculine
quadrisyllabe, masculine
quadroxyde, masculine
quadrumane, masculine
quadruple, masculine
quadruplé, masculine
quadruplet, masculine
quadrupôle, masculine
quaker, masculine
qualificatif, masculine
quanteur, masculine
quantificateur, masculine
quantifieur, masculine
quantum, masculine
quarré, masculine
quarté, masculine
quarter, masculine
quarterback, masculine
quarteron, masculine
quartet, masculine
quartette, masculine
quartidi, masculine
quartzite, masculine
quasar, masculine
quassia, masculine
quaternion, masculine
quatorzain, masculine
quatorzième, masculine
quatrain, masculine
vagine, feminine
vaginite, feminine
vaginoplastie, feminine
vago, feminine
vagotomie, feminine
vahiné, feminine
vainqueuse, feminine
valdrague, feminine
valenciennes, feminine
valentinite, feminine
valéral, feminine
valérianacée, feminine
valériane, feminine
valérianelle, feminine
valérine, feminine
valérius, masculine
valetaille, feminine
validation, feminine
valine, feminine
vallécule, feminine
valoche, feminine
valorisation, feminine
valseuse, feminine
valvate, feminine
valvée, feminine
valvule, feminine
vamp, feminine
vanadinite, feminine
vancouveroise, feminine
vancouvéroise, feminine
vandeputte, masculine
vandoise, feminine
vanesse, feminine
vaniteuse, feminine
vanne, feminine
vanneuse, feminine
vannière, feminine
vanterie, feminine
vape, feminine
vapoteuse, feminine
varappeuse, feminine
vareuse, feminine
variable, feminine
varice, feminine
varioloïde, feminine
vascularisation, feminine
vascularité, feminine
vasière, feminine
vasoconstriction, feminine
vasque, feminine
vassale, feminine
vastey, masculine
vaticination, feminine
vatrouchka, feminine
vauclusienne, feminine
vaurienne, feminine
vectorisation, feminine
végétalisation, feminine
veillée, feminine
veilleuse, feminine
veinule, feminine
vélarisation, feminine
velle, feminine
velléité, feminine
vélophile, masculine
véloroute, feminine
vélorue, feminine
vélorution, feminine
venaison, feminine
vénalité, feminine
vendangeuse, feminine
vendée, feminine
venderesse, feminine
vendetta, feminine
vendôme, feminine
vendômoise, feminine
vénéréologie, feminine
vènerie, feminine
vénerie, feminine
vénérologie, feminine
vénézuélienne, feminine
vengeresse, feminine
venimosité, feminine
ventaille, feminine
ventrée, feminine
ventriculographie, feminine
ventriloquie, feminine
ventrofixation, feminine
vêprée, feminine
véraison, feminine
vératrine, feminine
verbalisation, feminine
verbomanie, feminine
vercouline, feminine
verdeur, feminine
verdier, feminine
quatrefeuilles, masculine
quatrième, masculine
quatriesme, masculine
quattrocento, masculine
québécol, masculine
quebracho, masculine
quechua, masculine
queireret, masculine
quémandeur, masculine
quenottier, masculine
quenya, masculine
quercinois, masculine
quercitron, masculine
quercy, masculine
questionnement, masculine
questionneur, masculine
quêteur, masculine
quêteux, masculine
quetzal, masculine
queutard, masculine
quiberon, masculine
quiberonnais, masculine
quichua, masculine
quick, masculine
quidam, masculine
quiétisme, masculine
quignon, masculine
quillard, masculine
quillon, masculine
quimbois, masculine
quimpérois, masculine
quincailler, masculine
quincaillier, masculine
quincajou, masculine
quinconce, masculine
quinnat, masculine
quinquennat, masculine
quinquet, masculine
quinquin, masculine
quinquina, masculine
quint, masculine
quinté, masculine
quinteau, masculine
quintessentiel, masculine
quintidi, masculine
quintidodécaèdre, masculine
quintilion, masculine
quintuple, masculine
quintuplement, masculine
quinzième, masculine
quiproquo, masculine
quipu, masculine
quiscale, masculine
quitus, masculine
quolibet, masculine
qwerty, masculine
râ, masculine
rabâb, masculine
rabattement, masculine
rabatteur, masculine
rabbinat, masculine
rabe, masculine
rabicoin, masculine
râble, masculine
rabotage, masculine
raboteur, masculine
rabougrissement, masculine
raccard, masculine
raccommodement, masculine
raccordement, masculine
raccroc, masculine
raccrocheur, masculine
racécadotril, masculine
racème, masculine
racer, masculine
racheteur, masculine
racialisme, masculine
racket, masculine
raclage, masculine
raclement, masculine
racleur, masculine
raclo, masculine
racloir, masculine
racolage, masculine
racoleur, masculine
racontage, masculine
racontar, masculine
raconteur, masculine
radargramme, masculine
radé, masculine
radialène, masculine
radicalisme, masculine
radicande, masculine
radier, masculine
radioaltimètre, masculine
radioamateur, masculine
radiobalisage, masculine
radiocarbone, masculine
radiocarbure, masculine
radiocésium, masculine
radiocobalt, masculine
radiocompas, masculine
radioconducteur, masculine
radiodiffuseur, masculine
radioélément, masculine
radiogoniomètre, masculine
radioguidage, masculine
radiolaire, masculine
radiolésion, masculine
vérécondie, feminine
verge, feminine
vergée, feminine
vergence, feminine
vergerette, feminine
vergerolle, feminine
vergette, feminine
vergeure, feminine
vergeüre, feminine
vergogne, feminine
vergue, feminine
véridicité, feminine
vérifiabilité, feminine
vérificatrice, feminine
verisimilitude, feminine
vermicellerie, feminine
vermiculite, feminine
vermiculure, feminine
vermoulure, feminine
vernalisation, feminine
vernation, feminine
vérole, feminine
véronaise, feminine
verrière, feminine
verrine, feminine
verroterie, feminine
verrucosité, feminine
versailles, feminine
versatilité, feminine
verse, feminine
versification, feminine
versificatrice, feminine
verste, feminine
vertébrothérapie, feminine
verticalité, feminine
verticité, feminine
verve, feminine
verveine, feminine
vervelle, feminine
vésanie, feminine
vesce, feminine
vésicule, feminine
vésiculectomie, feminine
vésiculographie, feminine
vesoul, feminine
vespa, feminine
vesse, feminine
vesta, feminine
vestale, feminine
vestphalie, feminine
vésubie, feminine
vésunne, feminine
vétérance, feminine
vétérane, feminine
vétille, feminine
vêture, feminine
vétusté, feminine
veulerie, feminine
vexation, feminine
vézère, feminine
vhr, masculine
vhs, feminine
viabilité, feminine
vialatte, feminine
vibe, feminine
vibrance, feminine
vibrisse, feminine
vicariance, feminine
vicentine, feminine
vichy, masculine
vichyssoise, feminine
viciation, feminine
vicinalité, feminine
vicomté, feminine
victimation, feminine
victimisation, feminine
victoria, feminine
victuaille, feminine
vidamie, feminine
vidange, feminine
vidéocassette, feminine
vidéocommunication, feminine
vidéoconférence, feminine
vidéodescription, feminine
vidéofréquence, feminine
vidéographie, feminine
vidéophonie, feminine
vidéosurveillance, feminine
vidéothèque, feminine
videuse, feminine
vidocq, masculine
vieillot, masculine
vielle, feminine
vielleuse, feminine
viennoiserie, feminine
vigilance, feminine
vigile, masculine
vignacourt, feminine
vigneronne, feminine
vigneronnes, feminine
vignette, feminine
vigousse, feminine
viguerie, feminine
vilaine, feminine
radiomodélisme, masculine
radionucléide, masculine
radiophare, masculine
radioplomb, masculine
radioprotecteur, masculine
radioralliement, masculine
radioréalité, masculine
radioreportage, masculine
radioreporter, masculine
radioréveil, masculine
radioroman, masculine
radiosondage, masculine
radiotechnicien, masculine
radiotélégramme, masculine
radiotélétype, masculine
radiothéâtre, masculine
radiotraceur, masculine
radja, masculine
radjah, masculine
radôme, masculine
radotage, masculine
radoteur, masculine
radoub, masculine
radoubeur, masculine
radoucissement, masculine
raëlien, masculine
raëlisme, masculine
raffermissement, masculine
raffinement, masculine
raffineur, masculine
raffut, masculine
rafiot, masculine
rafting, masculine
rageux, masculine
ragondin, masculine
ragot, masculine
ragoût, masculine
rai, masculine
raï, masculine
raidillon, masculine
raidissement, masculine
railleur, masculine
railway, masculine
raimond, masculine
rainurage, masculine
raïs, masculine
raisiné, masculine
rajasthan, masculine
rajeunissant, masculine
rajeunissement, masculine
rajout, masculine
rajustement, masculine
râle, masculine
râlement, masculine
ralentissement, masculine
ralentisseur, masculine
ralliement, masculine
rallongement, masculine
rallye, masculine
ramancheur, masculine
ramancheux, masculine
ramassage, masculine
ramasseur, masculine
ramassis, masculine
ramdam, masculine
ramequin, masculine
ramereau, masculine
rameur, masculine
rami, masculine
ramier, masculine
ramollissement, masculine
ramon, masculine
ramonage, masculine
rancard, masculine
rancart, masculine
rancio, masculine
rancissement, masculine
rançonnage, masculine
rançonneur, masculine
rand, masculine
randonneur, masculine
rangement, masculine
ranger, masculine
ranidé, masculine
rannée, masculine
raout, masculine
rap, masculine
râpage, masculine
raphé, masculine
raphia, masculine
rapide, masculine
rapineur, masculine
rapontic, masculine
rapper, masculine
rappeur, masculine
rapportage, masculine
rapt, masculine
ras, masculine
rasage, masculine
rassasiement, masculine
rassis, masculine
rastafarisme, masculine
rastignac, masculine
ratage, masculine
ratahan, masculine
raté, masculine
râtelier, masculine
ratichon, masculine
raticide, masculine
ratier, masculine
rationnement, masculine
ratissage, masculine
ratissoire, masculine
ratite, masculine
raton, masculine
vilenie, feminine
villanelle, feminine
villarde, feminine
villégiatrice, feminine
villégiature, feminine
villette, feminine
villosité, feminine
vimentine, feminine
vinaigrerie, feminine
vinasse, feminine
vinblastine, feminine
vinça, masculine
vincamine, feminine
vincennes, feminine
vincennite, feminine
vinciane, feminine
vincristine, feminine
vinculine, feminine
vindicte, feminine
viniculture, feminine
vinosité, feminine
vintimille, feminine
vinylacétylène, feminine
vioche, masculine
violatrice, feminine
violeuse, feminine
violoneuse, feminine
viorne, feminine
vipérine, feminine
viralité, feminine
vire, feminine
virée, feminine
virémie, feminine
virescence, feminine
virevolte, feminine
virga, feminine
virgine, feminine
virialisation, feminine
virilisation, feminine
virole, feminine
virtualité, feminine
virulence, feminine
virure, feminine
viscine, feminine
visière, feminine
visio, feminine
visioconférence, feminine
visionneuse, feminine
visitandine, feminine
visitation, feminine
visitatrice, feminine
visiteuse, feminine
visseuse, feminine
vitaminothérapie, feminine
vîtesse, feminine
viticultrice, feminine
viticulture, feminine
vitkine, masculine
vitonnière, feminine
vitrerie, feminine
vitrière, feminine
vitrification, feminine
vitrocéramique, feminine
vitupération, feminine
vitupératrice, feminine
vivacité, feminine
vivandière, feminine
vivante, feminine
vive, feminine
vivification, feminine
viviparité, feminine
vivisection, feminine
vma, feminine
vmr, feminine
vocalisatrice, feminine
vocalise, feminine
vocifération, feminine
voilerie, feminine
voilette, feminine
voisement, feminine
rattachement, masculine
rattachisme, masculine
rattrapage, masculine
ravages, masculine
ravalement, masculine
ravaudage, masculine
rave, masculine
ravenala, masculine
ravet, masculine
raveur, masculine
ravier, masculine
ravioli, masculine
ravitailleur, masculine
raya, masculine
raygrass, masculine
raymond, masculine
rayonnage, masculine
raz, masculine
razès, masculine
rchouma, masculine
rê, masculine
réabonnement, masculine
réactant, masculine
réactif, masculine
réadoubement, masculine
réajustement, masculine
réal, masculine
réaménagement, masculine
réapprovisionnement, masculine
réarmement, masculine
réarrangement, masculine
réassortiment, masculine
réassureur, masculine
rebâtisseur, masculine
rebec, masculine
rebeu, masculine
reblochon, masculine
reboisement, masculine
rebond, masculine
rebondissement, masculine
rebord, masculine
rebours, masculine
rebouteur, masculine
rebouteux, masculine
rebroussier, masculine
rébus, masculine
rebut, masculine
recadrage, masculine
recalibrage, masculine
recalottage, masculine
récapitulatif, masculine
recel, masculine
receleur, masculine
recenseur, masculine
recentrage, masculine
réceptacle, masculine
recès, masculine
receveur, masculine
rechargement, masculine
réchaud, masculine
récidivisme, masculine
récital, masculine
récitant, masculine
récitatif, masculine
réclamant, masculine
reclassement, masculine
reclus, masculine
recoin, masculine
recollement, masculine
récollet, masculine
recommandé, masculine
recommençant, masculine
recommencement, masculine
réconciliateur, masculine
reconfinement, masculine
recopiage, masculine
recopieur, masculine
recordage, masculine
recordman, masculine
recors, masculine
recoupement, masculine
recouvrement, masculine
recouvreur, masculine
recruteur, masculine
rectangloïde, masculine
recteur, masculine
rectifieur, masculine
recto, masculine
rectorat, masculine
rectoscope, masculine
recueillement, masculine
récupérateur, masculine
récurage, masculine
redan, masculine
redécoupage, masculine
redémarrage, masculine
redent, masculine
redéploiement, masculine
redéveloppement, masculine
redoublement, masculine
redoux, masculine
rédox, masculine
redrapage, masculine
redresseur, masculine
redû, masculine
réducteur, masculine
réductionnisme, masculine
réduit, masculine
réduve, masculine
rééchantillonnage, masculine
rééchelonnement, masculine
réel, masculine
réem, masculine
réemploi, masculine
réengagement, masculine
réensauvagement, masculine
réensemencement, masculine
reeps, masculine
rééquilibrage, masculine
réexamen, masculine
référencement, masculine
referendum, masculine
référent, masculine
référentiel, masculine
refinancement, masculine
reflets, masculine
voiturette, feminine
voiturière, feminine
voïvodie, feminine
volatilisation, feminine
volatilité, feminine
volcanologie, feminine
volée, feminine
volémie, feminine
volige, feminine
volition, feminine
volks, feminine
volkswagen, masculine
volleyeuse, feminine
volpone, masculine
voltige, feminine
voltigeuse, feminine
volubilité, feminine
volumétrie, feminine
volute, feminine
vomique, feminine
vompire, feminine
voracité, feminine
vorkouta, feminine
vorticité, feminine
vosgienne, feminine
vostf, feminine
votante, feminine
voueuse, feminine
vouivre, feminine
voussure, feminine
vouvouzela, feminine
voyance, feminine
voyeuse, feminine
voyoucratie, feminine
voyouse, feminine
voyoute, feminine
vpc, feminine
vrillette, feminine
vsl, feminine
vsp, feminine
vtc, masculine
vuë, feminine
vüe, feminine
vulcanisation, feminine
vulcanologie, feminine
vulgarisation, feminine
vulgate, feminine
vulpiculture, feminine
vulvaire, feminine
vulvectomie, feminine
vulvite, feminine
vuong, masculine
vuvuzela, feminine
waggine, feminine
wagonnée, feminine
waguine, feminine
walcourt, feminine
waldschmidt, masculine
walkyrie, feminine
wallonne, feminine
washingtonienne, feminine
wassingue, feminine
wattrelos, feminine
wavrin, feminine
webcam, feminine
webcaméra, feminine
webmania, feminine
wendate, feminine
werth, masculine
westphalie, feminine
westphalienne, feminine
wikification, feminine
wilaya, feminine
willemstad, feminine
winchester, feminine
wingles, feminine
wissous, feminine
wißous, feminine
withérite, feminine
wollastonite, feminine
wolof, masculine
wuhan, feminine
wulfénite, feminine
wustite, feminine
wüstite, feminine
wyandotte, feminine
x, masculine
xanthélasma, feminine
xanthène, feminine
xanthie, feminine
xanthienne, feminine
xanthophycée, feminine
xanthophylle, feminine
xanthopie, feminine
xanthopsie, feminine
xanthoptérine, feminine
xanthopyrite, feminine
xanthotitane, feminine
xaphyllite, feminine
xavérienne, feminine
xénagie, feminine
xenakis, masculine
xénélasie, feminine
xénobiologie, feminine
xénobiose, feminine
xénofugie, feminine
xénoglossie, feminine
xénographie, feminine
xénogreffe, feminine
xénopathie, feminine
xénotransplantation, feminine
xérasie, feminine
xéricité, feminine
xérocopie, feminine
xérodermie, feminine
xérographie, feminine
xérophagie, feminine
xérophilie, feminine
xérophthalmie, feminine
xérostomie, feminine
xérotribie, feminine
xette, feminine
xiphonite, feminine
xps, masculine
xylidine, feminine
xylochimie, feminine
xylocryptite, feminine
xyloculture, feminine
xylodie, feminine
xyloglossie, feminine
xyloïdine, feminine
xylolalie, feminine
refleurissement, masculine
réflexe, masculine
réflexogramme, masculine
reflux, masculine
reformage, masculine
réformisme, masculine
refoulement, masculine
réfractaire, masculine
réfracteur, masculine
réfractomètre, masculine
refrènement, masculine
refroidisseur, masculine
refus, masculine
regain, masculine
régal, masculine
regardeur, masculine
régis, masculine
réglement, masculine
réglet, masculine
régolithe, masculine
regrat, masculine
regrattage, masculine
regrattier, masculine
regroupement, masculine
régulateur, masculine
régulier, masculine
rehaussement, masculine
reichsmark, masculine
reims, masculine
reins, masculine
réitérat, masculine
reître, masculine
rejean, masculine
réjean, masculine
rejoneador, masculine
relâche, masculine
relai, masculine
relais, masculine
relancement, masculine
relanceur, masculine
relargage, masculine
relayeur, masculine
relecteur, masculine
relent, masculine
relevage, masculine
relevé, masculine
relèvement, masculine
releveur, masculine
relogement, masculine
relooking, masculine
remake, masculine
rémanent, masculine
remaniement, masculine
remariage, masculine
rembarquement, masculine
remblai, masculine
remblaiement, masculine
remblayage, masculine
rembourrage, masculine
reméchage, masculine
remembrement, masculine
remercîment, masculine
rémigny, masculine
remisage, masculine
remix, masculine
remixeur, masculine
remmaillage, masculine
remodelage, masculine
rémois, masculine
remontant, masculine
remontoir, masculine
rémora, masculine
remorquage, masculine
remorqueur, masculine
rémouleur, masculine
remous, masculine
remplacisme, masculine
remplissage, masculine
remploi, masculine
remugle, masculine
renâclement, masculine
renardeau, masculine
renaud, masculine
rencard, masculine
rencart, masculine
renchérissement, masculine
renégat, masculine
renflement, masculine
renflouement, masculine
renfoncement, masculine
renfort, masculine
reniflard, masculine
reniflement, masculine
renifleur, masculine
renminbi, masculine
rennais, masculine
renoi, masculine
rénovateur, masculine
rentier, masculine
renversement, masculine
repaire, masculine
réparateur, masculine
répartiteur, masculine
repassage, masculine
repêchage, masculine
repérage, masculine
répéteur, masculine
répétitorat, masculine
xylolâtrie, feminine
xylolithe, feminine
xylologie, feminine
xylométrie, feminine
xylophagie, feminine
xylopie, feminine
xylothèque, feminine
yaboy, feminine
yachtswoman, feminine
yachtwoman, feminine
yaeko, feminine
yaëlle, feminine
yahuasca, feminine
yahyaoui, masculine
yamachiche, masculine
yamasaki, masculine
yamme, feminine
yamoussoukro, feminine
yamoussoukroise, feminine
yankée, feminine
yanthosiderite, feminine
yaourtière, feminine
yarroshite, feminine
yashiva, feminine
yasmine, feminine
yasseuse, feminine
yasuko, feminine
yazdanpanah, masculine
yèble, feminine
yégacée, feminine
yénite, feminine
yennoise, feminine
yeomanerie, feminine
yersiniose, feminine
yeshiva, feminine
yeule, feminine
yeusaie, feminine
yeuseraie, feminine
yèvre, feminine
yévroise, feminine
yéyéfication, feminine
yffiniacaise, feminine
ygrandaise, feminine
yhi, feminine
yodisation, feminine
yodleuse, feminine
yohimbine, feminine
yoko, feminine
yolithe, feminine
yoshiko, feminine
youle, feminine
youpine, feminine
youpinisation, feminine
youtubeuse, feminine
youvoi, masculine
yowie, feminine
yoyette, feminine
ypres, feminine
yproise, feminine
ys, feminine
ytterbine, feminine
yttrialite, feminine
yttrofluorite, feminine
yui, feminine
yukiko, feminine
yuko, feminine
yukonnaise, feminine
yumi, masculine
yumiko, feminine
yunanne, feminine
yuriko, feminine
yvelines, feminine
yvette, feminine
yvraie, feminine
zacharienne, feminine
zacharoise, feminine
zaessinguoise, feminine
zagharite, feminine
zahato, feminine
z'aigrette, feminine
zaïrianisation, feminine
zaïroise, feminine
zakât, feminine
zalabia, feminine
zalanaise, feminine
zambienne, feminine
zamenis, feminine
zaouia, feminine
zaouïa, feminine
zâouïa, feminine
zapette, feminine
zaporijia, feminine
zapornie, feminine
zaporojié, feminine
zappeuse, feminine
zarzuéla, feminine
zaubette, feminine
zaventemienne, feminine
zawiya, feminine
zawiyah, feminine
zazie, feminine
zazoua, feminine
zbib, feminine
zean, feminine
zéaxanthine, feminine
zébib, feminine
zébrelle, feminine
zébresse, feminine
zébrette, feminine
zébrure, feminine
zébute, feminine
zec, feminine
zédoaire, feminine
zédoarine, feminine
zegerscappeloise, feminine
zehnackeroise, feminine
zéine, feminine
zeinheimoise, feminine
zelabia, feminine
zélande, feminine
zélatrice, feminine
zellenbergeoise, feminine
zellwilleroise, feminine
zemfira, feminine
zénaïde, feminine
zénaie, feminine
zénitude, feminine
zénobie, feminine
zénonienne, feminine
zéolite, feminine
zéolithe, feminine
zéphirine, feminine
zéphirinienne, feminine
zéphyrine, feminine
zéralda, feminine
zerbia, feminine
zerda, feminine
zériba, masculine
zermezeeloise, feminine
zermi, feminine
zéroïème, masculine
zerouata, feminine
zesteuse, feminine
zétamétrie, feminine
zetata, feminine
zététicienne, feminine
zetla, feminine
zétrudoise, feminine
zettaseconde, feminine
zettingeoise, feminine
zeuxite, feminine
zeuzère, feminine
zézette, feminine
zhanmadao, feminine
zic, feminine
zicavaise, feminine
zicmu, feminine
ziggourat, feminine
zigliaraise, feminine
zignéraise, feminine
zigonneuse, feminine
zigouillette, feminine
zigounette, feminine
ziguéline, feminine
zigzagueuse, feminine
zigzagure, feminine
zikmu, feminine
ziliaise, feminine
zillerthite, feminine
zillingeoise, feminine
zillisheimoise, feminine
zimbabwéenne, feminine
zimmersheimoise, feminine
zimmingeoise, feminine
zinckénite, feminine
zincographie, feminine
zincogravure, feminine
zincosite, feminine
zincurtienne, feminine
zingibéracée, feminine
zinkénite, feminine
zinnspat, feminine
zinswilleroise, feminine
zippéite, feminine
zique, feminine
zircolite, feminine
zircone, feminine
zirconie, feminine
zirconite, feminine
zirlite, feminine
zittersheimoise, feminine
zizaneuse, feminine
zizique, feminine
zlabia, feminine
zlatanmania, feminine
zlinoise, feminine
znieff, feminine
zoanthropie, feminine
zœbersdorfoise, feminine
zoécie, feminine
zoerseloise, feminine
zoïdiogamie, feminine
zoïdogamie, feminine
z'oie, feminine
zoïzite, feminine
zombificateuse, feminine
zombitude, feminine
zomidine, feminine
zonalisation, feminine
zonalité, feminine
zonpri, feminine
zonzaise, feminine
zooanthroponose, feminine
zooarchéologie, feminine
zoobiologie, feminine
zoobotanique, feminine
zoocécidie, feminine
zoocénose, feminine
zoochimie, feminine
zoochorie, feminine
zooéthique, feminine
zoogamie, feminine
zoogénie, feminine
zooglyphite, feminine
zoogonie, feminine
zoographie, feminine
zoohistoire, feminine
zooïatrie, feminine
zoomanie, feminine
zoomorphie, feminine
zoomorphite, feminine
zoomye, feminine
zoonomie, feminine
zoonose, feminine
zoonosologie, feminine
zoopathie, feminine
zoopathologie, feminine
zoophagie, feminine
zoopharmacognosie, feminine
zoophytographie, feminine
zoophytologie, feminine
zoopsie, feminine
zoopsychiatrie, feminine
zoopsychologie, feminine
zooscopie, feminine
repeuplement, masculine
repiquage, masculine
replat, masculine
replâtrage, masculine
réplicon, masculine
repliement, masculine
répliqueur, masculine
réplisome, masculine
répondeur, masculine
report, masculine
zoosémiotique, feminine
zootaxie, feminine
zootaxinomie, feminine
zootechnicienne, feminine
zoothèque, feminine
zoothérapie, feminine
zootomie, feminine
zootoxine, feminine
zooxanthelle, feminine
zoréole, feminine
zorille, masculine
zorna, feminine
zorne, feminine
zorrile, feminine
zoteloise, feminine
zothèque, feminine
zotiquienne, feminine
zouafquoise, feminine
zoubarevitch, masculine
zouf, masculine
zouidja, feminine
zouille, feminine
zoukeuse, feminine
zoulette, feminine
zouloue, feminine
zouna, masculine
zourna, feminine
zouz, masculine
zozaise, feminine
zozime, feminine
zozoterie, feminine
zozoteuse, feminine
zuanaise, feminine
zuchette, feminine
zudausquoise, feminine
zuître, feminine
zurichoise, feminine
zurlite, feminine
zurlonite, feminine
zurracapote, feminine
zutkerquoise, feminine
zuydcootoise, feminine
zuytpeenoise, feminine
zvyagintsévite, feminine
zwanzeuse, feminine
zwevegem, feminine
zydéco, masculine
zygadite, feminine
zygapophyse, feminine
zygène, feminine
zygodactylie, feminine
zygomorphie, feminine
reporteur, masculine
reporting, masculine
repositionnement, masculine
repositoire, masculine
reposoir, masculine
reposteur, masculine
repoussage, masculine
repoussoir, masculine
repreneur, masculine
réprouvé, masculine
reps, masculine
reptilien, masculine
reptuile, masculine
répunit, masculine
requérant, masculine
réquisitionnaire, masculine
rer, masculine
rescapé, masculine
rescrit, masculine
réseautage, masculine
réséda, masculine
réserpine, masculine
résidanat, masculine
résinate, masculine
résinier, masculine
résistant, masculine
résisteur, masculine
résistor, masculine
résolveur, masculine
résonateur, masculine
résorcinol, masculine
respire, masculine
resplendissement, masculine
resquilleur, masculine
ressac, masculine
ressemelage, masculine
ressenti, masculine
resserrement, masculine
ressortissant, masculine
ressuyage, masculine
restable, masculine
restau, masculine
restauroute, masculine
restobar, masculine
restopub, masculine
restoroute, masculine
restylage, masculine
resve, masculine
resvératrol, masculine
retable, masculine
rétablissement, masculine
rétameur, masculine
retardataire, masculine
retentissement, masculine
rétiaire, masculine
réticule, masculine
réticulum, masculine
rétinol, masculine
rétinoscope, masculine
retirage, masculine
retors, masculine
retouchage, masculine
retoucheur, masculine
retournement, masculine
retraitement, masculine
retriever, masculine
rétro, masculine
retrogaming, masculine
rétrogaming, masculine
rétrolien, masculine
rétronyme, masculine
rétropédalage, masculine
rétroprojecteur, masculine
retroussage, masculine
rétrovirus, masculine
rétroviseur, masculine
rets, masculine
reuf, masculine
réunionnais, masculine
reup, masculine
revanchisme, masculine
réveilleur, masculine
révélateur, masculine
revenant, masculine
revendeur, masculine
revendicateur, masculine
zygosphère, feminine
zymase, feminine
zymologie, feminine
zymosimétrie, feminine
zymotechnie, feminine
zythologie, feminine
révérend, masculine
reversement, masculine
revêtissement, masculine
revigorant, masculine
revirement, masculine
réviseur, masculine
revitalisant, masculine
revival, masculine
revolver, masculine
révulsif, masculine
rewriter, masculine
rewriting, masculine
rexisme, masculine
rexiste, masculine
reynaud, masculine
rez, masculine
rezzou, masculine
rg, masculine
rhabdomancien, masculine
rhabdomyolyse, masculine
rhabdomyome, masculine
rhade, masculine
rhadé, masculine
rhapontic, masculine
rhapsode, masculine
rhazès, masculine
rhème, masculine
rhénate, masculine
rhéomètre, masculine
rhéophore, masculine
rhéostat, masculine
rhésus, masculine
rhéteur, masculine
rhétoricien, masculine
rhinanthe, masculine
rhingrave, masculine
rhino, masculine
rhinolophe, masculine
rhinopharynx, masculine
rhinopithèque, masculine
rhinoplasticien, masculine
rhizoctone, masculine
rhizophore, masculine
rhizopode, masculine
rhizostome, masculine
rhô, masculine
rhodanien, masculine
rhodinol, masculine
rhodite, masculine
rhododendron, masculine
rhodoïd, masculine
rhombencéphale, masculine
rhombicosidodécaèdre, masculine
rhombidodécadodécaèdre, masculine
rhombidodécaèdre, masculine
rhombododécaèdre, masculine
rhomboèdre, masculine
rhomboïde, masculine
rhotacisme, masculine
rhumb, masculine
rhynchite, masculine
rhyolite, masculine
rhytidome, masculine
riad, masculine
rial, masculine
riansais, masculine
rib, masculine
ribaud, masculine
ribonucléotide, masculine
ribose, masculine
riboteur, masculine
ribouis, masculine
ricain, masculine
ricanement, masculine
ricaneur, masculine
ricard, masculine
richard, masculine
richelieu, masculine
ricil, masculine
ricin, masculine
ricochet, masculine
ricosinde, masculine
rictus, masculine
riel, masculine
riesling, masculine
rieur, masculine
riff, masculine
riflard, masculine
rifle, masculine
rifodé, masculine
rift, masculine
rigaudon, masculine
rigodon, masculine
rimailleur, masculine
rimaye, masculine
rimeur, masculine
rimmel, masculine
ring, masculine
ringgit, masculine
rioc, masculine
rip, masculine
ripieno, masculine
ripon, masculine
ripper, masculine
riquiqui, masculine
risban, masculine
risqueur, masculine
rit, masculine
ritardando, masculine
ritualisme, masculine
riverain, masculine
rivet, masculine
riziculteur, masculine
rizzi, masculine
roadster, masculine
roaix, masculine
roays, masculine
robespierrisme, masculine
robeur, masculine
robin, masculine
robinier, masculine
roc, masculine
rocailleur, masculine
rochebaucourt, masculine
rochefort, masculine
rochelais, masculine
rochier, masculine
rock, masculine
rockall, masculine
rocket, masculine
rockeur, masculine
rock'n'roll, masculine
rocouëment, masculine
rodage, masculine
rodéo, masculine
rôdeur, masculine
rodomont, masculine
roentgen, masculine
rogaton, masculine
roger, masculine
rogomme, masculine
rôlage, masculine
roller, masculine
rollet, masculine
rollier, masculine
rom, masculine
romagnol, masculine
romains, masculine
romaji, masculine
romancero, masculine
romanesque, masculine
romani, masculine
romanichel, masculine
romano, masculine
romanticisme, masculine
romsteck, masculine
roncier, masculine
roncin, masculine
rond, masculine
rondin, masculine
rondo, masculine
rondocubisme, masculine
ronflement, masculine
ronfleur, masculine
rônier, masculine
ronron, masculine
ronronnement, masculine
root, masculine
rooter, masculine
roque, masculine
roquefort, masculine
roquemaure, masculine
rorqual, masculine
rosé, masculine
roselin, masculine
roséole, masculine
rosicrucianisme, masculine
rosissement, masculine
rossignolet, masculine
rot, masculine
rôt, masculine
rotarien, masculine
rotateur, masculine
roténone, masculine
roteux, masculine
rotin, masculine
rôtissage, masculine
rotor, masculine
rouage, masculine
roubaisien, masculine
roublard, masculine
roudnik, masculine
roudouallec, masculine
roudoudou, masculine
roué, masculine
rouède, masculine
rouen, masculine
rouennais, masculine
rouf, masculine
rouffle, masculine
rougail, masculine
rougarou, masculine
rougeoiement, masculine
rougequeue, masculine
rouget, masculine
rougissement, masculine
rouissage, masculine
rouissoir, masculine
roulage, masculine
roulé, masculine
rouleur, masculine
roulier, masculine
roulis, masculine
roulottier, masculine
round, masculine
roupillon, masculine
rouquin, masculine
rouspéteur, masculine
rousseau, masculine
roussi, masculine
roussillon, masculine
routage, masculine
routard, masculine
routeur, masculine
routier, masculine
rouvre, masculine
rouyn, masculine
rouynorandien, masculine
royalisme, masculine
rubanier, masculine
rubato, masculine
ruben, masculine
rubicon, masculine
rubrène, masculine
rucan, masculine
ruck, masculine
rudiment, masculine
ruffian, masculine
rufian, masculine
rugbyman, masculine
ruisselet, masculine
ruissellement, masculine
rumex, masculine
ruminant, masculine
rumsteck, masculine
runabout, masculine
rupélien, masculine
rush, masculine
rusio, masculine
russelia, masculine
rustaud, masculine
rut, masculine
rutabaga, masculine
ruthénate, masculine
rutile, masculine
rutilement, masculine
rythmicien, masculine
sabayon, masculine
sabbat, masculine
sabbataire, masculine
sabbatisme, masculine
sabéisme, masculine
sabellianisme, masculine
sabir, masculine
sablage, masculine
sablé, masculine
sableur, masculine
sablon, masculine
sabord, masculine
sabotier, masculine
sabrage, masculine
sabri, masculine
sacalait, masculine
saccage, masculine
saccageur, masculine
saccaride, masculine
saccharate, masculine
saccharide, masculine
saccharificateur, masculine
saccharinate, masculine
saccharolipide, masculine
saccharose, masculine
saccule, masculine
sacerdoce, masculine
sachant, masculine
sachem, masculine
sacqueboute, masculine
sacramental, masculine
sacramento, masculine
sacre, masculine
sacrificateur, masculine
sacripant, masculine
sacsaoul, masculine
sadète, masculine
saducéen, masculine
safari, masculine
safavide, masculine
safou, masculine
safoutier, masculine
safre, masculine
sagex, masculine
sagou, masculine
sagouin, masculine
sagoutier, masculine
saguenay, masculine
saguenéen, masculine
sagum, masculine
sahraoui, masculine
saïga, masculine
saigneur, masculine
saïgon, masculine
saïgonnais, masculine
sainbois, masculine
sainfoin, masculine
saintongeais, masculine
saisissement, masculine
sajou, masculine
saké, masculine
saki, masculine
sala, masculine
salabre, masculine
saladero, masculine
salage, masculine
salaisonnier, masculine
salamalec, masculine
salami, masculine
salarié, masculine
salaryman, masculine
salat, masculine
salé, masculine
salente, masculine
salep, masculine
saleur, masculine
salicional, masculine
salicoside, masculine
salicylate, masculine
salicyline, masculine
saligaud, masculine
salin, masculine
saljuq, masculine
saljûq, masculine
salmonidé, masculine
saloir, masculine
salol, masculine
salonnier, masculine
salopiaud, masculine
salorge, masculine
salpêtre, masculine
salpicon, masculine
salsifis, masculine
saltateur, masculine
salvadorien, masculine
samaritain, masculine
sambodrome, masculine
sami, masculine
samouraï, masculine
samoussa, masculine
sampan, masculine
sampi, masculine
sample, masculine
samson, masculine
samu, masculine
san, masculine
sana, masculine
sanatorium, masculine
sanche, masculine
sanctificateur, masculine
sanctus, masculine
sanderling, masculine
sandhi, masculine
sandjak, masculine
sandow, masculine
sandwich, masculine
sandwicherie, masculine
sanglot, masculine
sanglotement, masculine
sanhédrin, masculine
sankarisme, masculine
sanscrit, masculine
sanskritisme, masculine
santon, masculine
saoulard, masculine
sapajou, masculine
sapeur, masculine
saphisme, masculine
sapotier, masculine
sappan, masculine
saraiki, masculine
saraikistan, masculine
sarclage, masculine
sarcloir, masculine
sarcolemme, masculine
sarcomère, masculine
sarcoplasme, masculine
sarcopte, masculine
sardinier, masculine
sari, masculine
sarin, masculine
sarkozysme, masculine
sarm, masculine
sarment, masculine
sarode, masculine
sarong, masculine
sarouel, masculine
sarrau, masculine
sarrazin, masculine
sarrebourg, masculine
sarthois, masculine
sashimi, masculine
saskatchewanais, masculine
sassaquois, masculine
satanisme, masculine
satisfecit, masculine
sativa, masculine
satrape, masculine
saturateur, masculine
satyrisme, masculine
saucier, masculine
sauciflard, masculine
saucissonnage, masculine
saül, masculine
sault, masculine
saulxures, masculine
saumoneau, masculine
saunier, masculine
sauriasis, masculine
saurien, masculine
saurier, masculine
sauropode, masculine
sauropside, masculine
saussure, masculine
sautereau, masculine
sautillement, masculine
sautoir, masculine
sauvageon, masculine
sauvagnac, masculine
sauvagnas, masculine
sauvignac, masculine
sauvignon, masculine
sauxure, masculine
sauytbay, masculine
savarin, masculine
savetier, masculine
savonnier, masculine
savonule, masculine
saxo, masculine
sayon, masculine
sbire, masculine
sbk, masculine
scalap, masculine
scalpel, masculine
scammonine, masculine
scandentien, masculine
scanneur, masculine
scaphandre, masculine
scaphandrier, masculine
scaphite, masculine
scaphoïde, masculine
scapulum, masculine
scare, masculine
scart, masculine
scat, masculine
scellement, masculine
schako, masculine
schaouch, masculine
schelling, masculine
schématisme, masculine
schème, masculine
schénanthe, masculine
schéol, masculine
scherzo, masculine
schilling, masculine
schiste, masculine
schizoïde, masculine
schlass, masculine
schmilblick, masculine
schmoutz, masculine
schnaps, masculine
schooner, masculine
schtetl, masculine
schtroumpf, masculine
schuss, masculine
schwarzie, masculine
sciaccarellu, masculine
sciage, masculine
scialet, masculine
scieur, masculine
scincidé, masculine
scindage, masculine
scinque, masculine
scintillateur, masculine
scintillement, masculine
scion, masculine
scirpe, masculine
scléranthe, masculine
scléroprotéine, masculine
sclérote, masculine
scoliaste, masculine
scolyme, masculine
sconse, masculine
scoop, masculine
scooter, masculine
scopitone, masculine
score, masculine
scotch, masculine
scotisme, masculine
scotobiologiste, masculine
scots, masculine
scoubidou, masculine
scout, masculine
scoutisme, masculine
scrabble, masculine
scrabbleur, masculine
scratch, masculine
scriban, masculine
scribouillard, masculine
script, masculine
scriptorium, masculine
scrogneugneu, masculine
scrum, masculine
scrutateur, masculine
scud, masculine
scutaire, masculine
scutellum, masculine
sdf, masculine
séant, masculine
seb, masculine
séb, masculine
sébacate, masculine
sébastianisme, masculine
sebba, masculine
sébeste, masculine
sec, masculine
sécateur, masculine
sécessionnisme, masculine
séchage, masculine
séchoir, masculine
secondant, masculine
sécostéroïde, masculine
secourisme, masculine
sectaire, masculine
sectarisme, masculine
sectateur, masculine
sectionnement, masculine
sectionneur, masculine
sédatif, masculine
sédénion, masculine
sédoheptulose, masculine
sédum, masculine
seediq, masculine
seeland, masculine
ségrais, masculine
ségrayer, masculine
ségrégationnisme, masculine
sehili, masculine
seing, masculine
seinomarin, masculine
seizième, masculine
seiziémisme, masculine
sélacien, masculine
sélecteur, masculine
sélectron, masculine
séléniate, masculine
séléniure, masculine
sélénocyanate, masculine
semaglutide, masculine
sémaglutide, masculine
semainier, masculine
sémantème, masculine
sémanticien, masculine
sémantisme, masculine
sémaphore, masculine
semblant, masculine
sémème, masculine
semencier, masculine
semialdéhyde, masculine
semiconducteur, masculine
sémillon, masculine
sémioticien, masculine
semis, masculine
sémitisme, masculine
semple, masculine
séné, masculine
sénéchal, masculine
séneçon, masculine
sénèque, masculine
sénevé, masculine
senez, masculine
sénezien, masculine
sengouagnet, masculine
senior, masculine
senneur, masculine
sénonien, masculine
sénoufo, masculine
sensationnalisme, masculine
sensei, masculine
senseur, masculine
sensibilisateur, masculine
sensualisme, masculine
sentimentalisme, masculine
sep, masculine
sépale, masculine
séparateur, masculine
séparatoire, masculine
sépia, masculine
septain, masculine
septantième, masculine
septembriseur, masculine
septemvir, masculine
septénaire, masculine
septennat, masculine
septentrion, masculine
septidi, masculine
septième, masculine
septiste, masculine
septum, masculine
septuor, masculine
sépulcre, masculine
séquençage, masculine
séquenceur, masculine
sequin, masculine
sérac, masculine
sérail, masculine
séran, masculine
séraphin, masculine
sérapis, masculine
serazereux, masculine
sercquiais, masculine
serein, masculine
sérénoa, masculine
serf, masculine
sergot, masculine
sergueï, masculine
sériciculteur, masculine
sérimètre, masculine
serin, masculine
seringa, masculine
seringat, masculine
sermonnaire, masculine
sermonneur, masculine
sermontain, masculine
sérodiagnostic, masculine
sérotype, masculine
sérotypie, masculine
séroual, masculine
sérovar, masculine
serpentaire, masculine
serpenteau, masculine
serpolet, masculine
serpopard, masculine
serrage, masculine
serrement, masculine
sertao, masculine
sertissage, masculine
sérum, masculine
servant, masculine
servomécanisme, masculine
servomoteur, masculine
sésamoïde, masculine
séséli, masculine
sesquicentenaire, masculine
sesquiphosphure, masculine
sesquiterpène, masculine
sesterce, masculine
sesterpène, masculine
set, masculine
setier, masculine
séton, masculine
setter, masculine
seuillage, masculine
seum, masculine
sévère, masculine
severny, masculine
sévices, masculine
sevrage, masculine
sevran, masculine
sexeur, masculine
sextidi, masculine
sexto, masculine
sextoy, masculine
sextuor, masculine
seydina, masculine
sfumato, masculine
sguègue, masculine
shabin, masculine
shah, masculine
shakacho, masculine
shamisen, masculine
shampooineur, masculine
shampouineur, masculine
shanghaïen, masculine
shantung, masculine
sheenboro, masculine
sheng, masculine
shéol, masculine
sherbrookois, masculine
sherry, masculine
shetland, masculine
shido, masculine
shift, masculine
shiitake, masculine
shiitaké, masculine
shilling, masculine
shimmy, masculine
shintô, masculine
ship, masculine
shitake, masculine
shlag, masculine
shlague, masculine
shoot, masculine
shooting, masculine
shopping, masculine
short, masculine
shortcake, masculine
shortstop, masculine
shorty, masculine
shot, masculine
show, masculine
showman, masculine
showroom, masculine
shrapnel, masculine
shrapnell, masculine
shtetl, masculine
shtreimel, masculine
shunt, masculine
sial, masculine
sialagogue, masculine
siau, masculine
sibérien, masculine
sibo, masculine
sicaire, masculine
sichouan, masculine
sichuanais, masculine
sidéen, masculine
sidérophile, masculine
sidérophore, masculine
sidéroxylon, masculine
siecle, masculine
siége, masculine
siemens, masculine
sières, masculine
sieuras, masculine
sievert, masculine
siffleur, masculine
siffleux, masculine
sigb, masculine
sigisbée, masculine
signet, masculine
signeur, masculine
signifiant, masculine
signifié, masculine
siguer, masculine
sih, masculine
sihanoukisme, masculine
sil, masculine
silène, masculine
silicate, masculine
silicène, masculine
siliciure, masculine
sillage, masculine
sillet, masculine
silo, masculine
siloxane, masculine
silphe, masculine
silt, masculine
siluridé, masculine
siluridés, masculine
silvain, masculine
sily, masculine
silyle, masculine
sima, masculine
simarouba, masculine
siméon, masculine
simien, masculine
simili, masculine
similicuir, masculine
similor, masculine
simon, masculine
simonaque, masculine
simoniaque, masculine
simonide, masculine
simonien, masculine
simonisme, masculine
simple, masculine
simplet, masculine
simplexe, masculine
simplisme, masculine
simultanéisme, masculine
sinanthrope, masculine
sinciput, masculine
sindhi, masculine
singapourien, masculine
singhalais, masculine
single, masculine
singleton, masculine
singlish, masculine
singulatif, masculine
singulet, masculine
sinistre, masculine
sinogramme, masculine
siphon, masculine
siphonnage, masculine
sire, masculine
sirénien, masculine
siret, masculine
siroco, masculine
sirvente, masculine
sirventès, masculine
sisal, masculine
sismogramme, masculine
sismomètre, masculine
sistre, masculine
sitar, masculine
sitcom, masculine
sitocalciférol, masculine
sitogoniomètre, masculine
sixain, masculine
sixième, masculine
sizain, masculine
sizerin, masculine
skaï, masculine
skate, masculine
skateboard, masculine
skatepark, masculine
skateur, masculine
skating, masculine
skeleton, masculine
skeletoneur, masculine
sketch, masculine
skeud, masculine
skidpad, masculine
skif, masculine
skiff, masculine
skijoring, masculine
skipper, masculine
skippeur, masculine
skua, masculine
slah, masculine
slalomeur, masculine
slam, masculine
slang, masculine
slavisant, masculine
slavon, masculine
slavophile, masculine
slavophilisme, masculine
sleeping, masculine
slibard, masculine
sloop, masculine
slopestyle, masculine
sloughi, masculine
slow, masculine
smalt, masculine
smartphone, masculine
smash, masculine
smegma, masculine
smic, masculine
smicard, masculine
smiley, masculine
smog, masculine
smoking, masculine
smolt, masculine
sms, masculine
smurf, masculine
sn, masculine
sna, masculine
snack, masculine
sniff, masculine
sniper, masculine
snle, masculine
snobage, masculine
snobinard, masculine
snobisme, masculine
snof, masculine
snooker, masculine
snowboard, masculine
snowboardeur, masculine
snowboot, masculine
so, masculine
soap, masculine
soc, masculine
soccer, masculine
sochalien, masculine
social, masculine
socinianisme, masculine
socinien, masculine
socio, masculine
sociocentrisme, masculine
sociogramme, masculine
sociolecte, masculine
sociologisme, masculine
socque, masculine
socrate, masculine
soda, masculine
sodoku, masculine
sodomite, masculine
soffite, masculine
sofi, masculine
sofiane, masculine
soft, masculine
softball, masculine
software, masculine
soignant, masculine
soigneur, masculine
soixantième, masculine
solarigraphe, masculine
solarimètre, masculine
solarium, masculine
soldeur, masculine
soléaire, masculine
solen, masculine
solénoïde, masculine
soleret, masculine
solfège, masculine
solidago, masculine
solidarisme, masculine
solidisme, masculine
soliflore, masculine
solipède, masculine
solipsisme, masculine
soliveau, masculine
solliciteur, masculine
solo, masculine
soluté, masculine
solutionnisme, masculine
soma, masculine
somatopleure, masculine
sombrero, masculine
sombréro, masculine
sometent, masculine
somite, masculine
somnambulisme, masculine
somnifère, masculine
sonagramme, masculine
sonal, masculine
sonar, masculine
sondeur, masculine
songeur, masculine
sonification, masculine
sonogramme, masculine
sonographeur, masculine
sonomètre, masculine
sonore, masculine
sonotone, masculine
sonsorolais, masculine
sopalin, masculine
sopha, masculine
sophiste, masculine
sophocle, masculine
sophonie, masculine
sophora, masculine
soporifique, masculine
soprano, masculine
sorbets, masculine
sorbitol, masculine
sorboniste, masculine
sorgho, masculine
sororicide, masculine
sortir, masculine
sosie, masculine
sostenuto, masculine
sosthène, masculine
sot, masculine
sotho, masculine
sottisier, masculine
sotuknang, masculine
sou, masculine
souahéli, masculine
soubassement, masculine
soubassophone, masculine
soubresaut, masculine
souchet, masculine
soudage, masculine
soudard, masculine
soufflage, masculine
soufflé, masculine
soufflet, masculine
soufi, masculine
souflaki, masculine
souillon, masculine
souk, masculine
soukous, masculine
soulaires, masculine
soulard, masculine
soûlard, masculine
soulas, masculine
soulaud, masculine
soûlaud, masculine
soulèvement, masculine
soulignement, masculine
soûlot, masculine
soumbala, masculine
soumis, masculine
soundanais, masculine
soupeur, masculine
soupion, masculine
soupirail, masculine
soupirant, masculine
sourcier, masculine
sourd, masculine
souriceau, masculine
souricier, masculine
souscripteur, masculine
souslic, masculine
sousson, masculine
soutadaire, masculine
soutadère, masculine
soutènement, masculine
soutif, masculine
soutirage, masculine
souverainisme, masculine
souvignargues, masculine
souvigniargues, masculine
souvlaki, masculine
soviet, masculine
sozi, masculine
sp, masculine
spadassin, masculine
spaghetti, masculine
spaghettis, masculine
spahi, masculine
spam, masculine
spamdexing, masculine
spammer, masculine
spammeur, masculine
spare, masculine
spartakisme, masculine
spartier, masculine
spath, masculine
spcum, masculine
speaker, masculine
speakerin, masculine
spécifique, masculine
spectrographe, masculine
spectromètre, masculine
spectroscope, masculine
spéculoos, masculine
spéculum, masculine
speed, masculine
spéléothème, masculine
spencer, masculine
spermaceti, masculine
spermatisme, masculine
spermatocyte, masculine
spermatophore, masculine
spermatozoide, masculine
spermogramme, masculine
spézet, masculine
sphène, masculine
sphénisciforme, masculine
sphénodon, masculine
sphénoptère, masculine
sphéromètre, masculine
sphingidé, masculine
sphingolipide, masculine
sphingomyéline, masculine
sphygmogramme, masculine
sphygmographe, masculine
sphygmomanomètre, masculine
spi, masculine
spic, masculine
spider, masculine
spin, masculine
spinelle, masculine
spineur, masculine
spinnaker, masculine
spinosauridé, masculine
spinozisme, masculine
spiracle, masculine
spiral, masculine
spirane, masculine
spiranne, masculine
spirifer, masculine
spirille, masculine
spiritisme, masculine
spiritualisme, masculine
spirographe, masculine
spiromètre, masculine
spitex, masculine
spleen, masculine
splif, masculine
spm, masculine
spodumène, masculine
spoiler, masculine
spoliateur, masculine
spongiaire, masculine
sponsor, masculine
sponsoring, masculine
spontanéisme, masculine
sporange, masculine
sporogone, masculine
sporozoaire, masculine
sporozoïte, masculine
sportif, masculine
sportule, masculine
spot, masculine
sprat, masculine
spray, masculine
sprint, masculine
sprinter, masculine
sprinteur, masculine
spvm, masculine
squalelet, masculine
squalidé, masculine
squaliforme, masculine
squamate, masculine
squamosal, masculine
squash, masculine
squasheur, masculine
squat, masculine
squatteur, masculine
squètche, masculine
squiffiec, masculine
squire, masculine
squirre, masculine
squirrhe, masculine
srb, masculine
srilankais, masculine
srol, masculine
stabilimètre, masculine
stabilisateur, masculine
stabiliseur, masculine
stableford, masculine
staccato, masculine
stadhouder, masculine
stadia, masculine
stadiomètre, masculine
staff, masculine
stage, masculine
stakhanovisme, masculine
stalag, masculine
stalagmomètre, masculine
standard, masculine
standing, masculine
stapes, masculine
staphylin, masculine
staphylocoque, masculine
staphylome, masculine
staroste, masculine
starter, masculine
statère, masculine
stathouder, masculine
stathoudérat, masculine
statice, masculine
statif, masculine
stationment, masculine
statisme, masculine
statocyste, masculine
statokinésimètre, masculine
statomixte, masculine
stator, masculine
statoréacteur, masculine
statuquo, masculine
steack, masculine
steak, masculine
steamé, masculine
steamer, masculine
stéarate, masculine
stéarinier, masculine
steeple, masculine
stéganopode, masculine
stégocéphale, masculine
stégodonte, masculine
steinbock, masculine
sténogramme, masculine
sténostome, masculine
stentor, masculine
stéphan, masculine
stéphanion, masculine
stéphanotis, masculine
steppage, masculine
stéradian, masculine
stercoraire, masculine
stère, masculine
stéréobate, masculine
stéréocomparateur, masculine
stéréodescripteur, masculine
stéréogramme, masculine
stéréoisomère, masculine
stéréoscope, masculine
stéréotypie, masculine
stéride, masculine
stérilet, masculine
stérilisateur, masculine
sterlet, masculine
stertor, masculine
stésichore, masculine
steward, masculine
sthène, masculine
stigma, masculine
stigmate, masculine
stigmatisme, masculine
stigmomètre, masculine
stilbène, masculine
stilligoutte, masculine
stilton, masculine
stimulant, masculine
stipe, masculine
stipendié, masculine
stiple, masculine
stique, masculine
stock, masculine
stockfisch, masculine
stoïcien, masculine
stoïcisme, masculine
stoker, masculine
stolon, masculine
stomate, masculine
stomatoscope, masculine
stomocorde, masculine
stomoxe, masculine
stop, masculine
stoppeur, masculine
storytelling, masculine
stout, masculine
strabisme, masculine
strabomètre, masculine
stradiot, masculine
stradiote, masculine
stradographe, masculine
stramonium, masculine
strapontin, masculine
strass, masculine
stratum, masculine
stream, masculine
streaming, masculine
streptobacille, masculine
streptocoque, masculine
streptomycète, masculine
streptosolen, masculine
stretch, masculine
stridor, masculine
strigile, masculine
strike, masculine
string, masculine
strip, masculine
striptease, masculine
stripteaseur, masculine
strobile, masculine
stroboscope, masculine
stroma, masculine
stromatolite, masculine
stromatolithe, masculine
strombe, masculine
strongle, masculine
strongyle, masculine
strontiane, masculine
structuralisme, masculine
sttp, masculine
stuc, masculine
stucage, masculine
stucateur, masculine
stud, masculine
studio, masculine
stup, masculine
stupre, masculine
stylet, masculine
stylisme, masculine
stylisticien, masculine
stylographe, masculine
stylomine, masculine
stylopode, masculine
styrène, masculine
styrien, masculine
styrolène, masculine
styromousse, masculine
suage, masculine
suaire, masculine
suavité, masculine
subconscient, masculine
subdélégué, masculine
suber, masculine
subérate, masculine
subjectile, masculine
subjectivisme, masculine
sublatif, masculine
submersible, masculine
subordinateur, masculine
suborneur, masculine
subpoena, masculine
subrécargue, masculine
subside, masculine
substantialisme, masculine
substituant, masculine
substratum, masculine
subterfuge, masculine
subventionnement, masculine
succin, masculine
sucement, masculine
suceur, masculine
suçoir, masculine
sucrage, masculine
sucré, masculine
suet, masculine
suête, masculine
suffète, masculine
suffragant, masculine
sufi, masculine
suggestopédie, masculine
suidé, masculine
suint, masculine
suintement, masculine
suiveur, masculine
suivi, masculine
sulfacide, masculine
sulfamide, masculine
sulfatage, masculine
sulfhydryle, masculine
sulfitage, masculine
sulfite, masculine
sulfocarbonate, masculine
sulfochlorure, masculine
sulfonyle, masculine
sulfosel, masculine
sulfoséléniure, masculine
sulfure, masculine
sulpicien, masculine
sumac, masculine
sumanène, masculine
sumatrien, masculine
sumérien, masculine
summum, masculine
superacide, masculine
superalliage, masculine
superamas, masculine
superatome, masculine
superbenzène, masculine
supercalculateur, masculine
supercarburant, masculine
superchampion, masculine
supercombiné, masculine
supercondensateur, masculine
supercontinent, masculine
superembranchement, masculine
superessif, masculine
superfécondation, masculine
supergrand, masculine
superhéros, masculine
superhétérodyne, masculine
supérieur, masculine
superléger, masculine
superman, masculine
supernœud, masculine
superordinateur, masculine
superorganisme, masculine
superpackage, masculine
superparamagnétisme, masculine
superpartenaire, masculine
superpétrolier, masculine
superphosphate, masculine
superpouvoir, masculine
superprédateur, masculine
superpréfet, masculine
superprofit, masculine
supersolide, masculine
superstatoréacteur, masculine
superstore, masculine
superstrat, masculine
supertanker, masculine
supertéléphone, masculine
supertendre, masculine
supervirus, masculine
superviseur, masculine
supin, masculine
supinateur, masculine
suppliant, masculine
supplice, masculine
supplicié, masculine
supporter, masculine
supportérisme, masculine
supporteur, masculine
suppôt, masculine
suppresseur, masculine
supraconducteur, masculine
suprémacisme, masculine
surah, masculine
suramplificateur, masculine
surarmement, masculine
surbaux, masculine
surbooking, masculine
surcot, masculine
surcout, masculine
surcoût, masculine
surcreusement, masculine
surcyclage, masculine
surdosage, masculine
surdoué, masculine
sureffectif, masculine
surenchérisseur, masculine
suret, masculine
surf, masculine
surfaix, masculine
surfeur, masculine
surgé, masculine
surgénérateur, masculine
suricate, masculine
surimi, masculine
surin, masculine
surinam, masculine
surinamais, masculine
surintendant, masculine
surjet, masculine
surlendemain, masculine
surligneur, masculine
surmoulage, masculine
surnageant, masculine
suroît, masculine
suroxyde, masculine
surpâturage, masculine
surplace, masculine
surplomb, masculine
surpoids, masculine
surréel, masculine
surrégime, masculine
surrisque, masculine
sursel, masculine
sursolide, masculine
surtitre, masculine
surtourisme, masculine
surtraitement, masculine
surtravail, masculine
survêt, masculine
survêtement, masculine
survitrage, masculine
survivalisme, masculine
survivant, masculine
survol, masculine
survoltage, masculine
survêtements, masculine
sushi, masculine
suspect, masculine
suspensoir, masculine
susu, masculine
suv, masculine
sv, masculine
svastika, masculine
swati, masculine
swazi, masculine
swing, masculine
sybaritisme, masculine
sycophante, masculine
syli, masculine
syllabaire, masculine
syllabisme, masculine
sylvaner, masculine
sylviculteur, masculine
symbionte, masculine
symbiote, masculine
syméen, masculine
sympathisant, masculine
symplectomorphisme, masculine
symposion, masculine
symposium, masculine
syncatégorème, masculine
synchroniseur, masculine
synchrotron, masculine
syncytiotrophoblaste, masculine
syndicaliste, masculine
syndicataire, masculine
syndiqué, masculine
synéchisme, masculine
synésios, masculine
synésius, masculine
syngaméon, masculine
syngnathe, masculine
synode, masculine
synoecisme, masculine
syntacticien, masculine
synthé, masculine
synthétisme, masculine
syntoniseur, masculine
syriacisant, masculine
syriaque, masculine
syriarcat, masculine
syriarche, masculine
syriarque, masculine
syringa, masculine
syrphe, masculine
system, masculine
systyle, masculine
tabaculteur, masculine
tabard, masculine
tabarin, masculine
tabarnac, masculine
tabarnaque, masculine
tabassage, masculine
tabellion, masculine
tabernacle, masculine
tablard, masculine
tableautin, masculine
tableur, masculine
tabloïd, masculine
taboule, masculine
taboune, masculine
tabulateur, masculine
tacet, masculine
tachelhit, masculine
tachéographe, masculine
tachéomètre, masculine
tachisme, masculine
tachistoscope, masculine
tachyon, masculine
tacle, masculine
tacon, masculine
tacos, masculine
tacot, masculine
tacticien, masculine
tadalafil, masculine
tadorne, masculine
taekwondo, masculine
taff, masculine
tagalog, masculine
tagine, masculine
tagueur, masculine
tahar, masculine
taillandier, masculine
tailloir, masculine
tain, masculine
taïno, masculine
taiowa, masculine
taïpan, masculine
taipeh, masculine
taipei, masculine
taïwanais, masculine
tajine, masculine
takfiri, masculine
takfirisme, masculine
talapoin, masculine
taler, masculine
talkie, masculine
talmellier, masculine
talmud, masculine
talonnage, masculine
talonneur, masculine
talouch, masculine
talweg, masculine
tamandua, masculine
tamanduatehy, masculine
tamanduateí, masculine
tamanoir, masculine
tamarin, masculine
tamarinier, masculine
tamaris, masculine
tamarisque, masculine
tamazight, masculine
tambourin, masculine
tambourinage, masculine
tambourinement, masculine
tambourineur, masculine
tamia, masculine
tamier, masculine
tamil, masculine
tamisage, masculine
tampax, masculine
tamponnade, masculine
tamponnage, masculine
tamponnoir, masculine
tamtam, masculine
tan, masculine
tancarville, masculine
tandem, masculine
tanga, masculine
tangage, masculine
tangara, masculine
tango, masculine
tangon, masculine
tangue, masculine
tanin, masculine
tank, masculine
tanker, masculine
tannage, masculine
tannant, masculine
tanné, masculine
tanneur, masculine
tannin, masculine
tanrec, masculine
tantouze, masculine
tantrisme, masculine
tao, masculine
taôisme, masculine
taon, masculine
tapecul, masculine
tapin, masculine
tapisseur, masculine
tapissier, masculine
tapon, masculine
tapotage, masculine
tapuscrit, masculine
taquet, masculine
taquin, masculine
tarama, masculine
tarare, masculine
taraud, masculine
taraxacine, masculine
tarbouche, masculine
tardigrade, masculine
tarentisme, masculine
tarentulisme, masculine
taret, masculine
targum, masculine
tarier, masculine
tarin, masculine
tarissement, masculine
tarmac, masculine
tarmacadam, masculine
tarn, masculine
tarnais, masculine
taro, masculine
tarot, masculine
tarotier, masculine
taroudant, masculine
tarpan, masculine
tarpé, masculine
tarpon, masculine
tarse, masculine
tarsométatarse, masculine
tartan, masculine
tartarin, masculine
tartarinade, masculine
tartempion, masculine
tarterêts, masculine
tartrate, masculine
tartrite, masculine
tartroborate, masculine
tarzan, masculine
taschereau, masculine
taser, masculine
tasher, masculine
tasmanien, masculine
tasseau, masculine
tassement, masculine
tassergal, masculine
tastevin, masculine
tatami, masculine
tatar, masculine
tâtonnement, masculine
taube, masculine
taud, masculine
taudis, masculine
taulard, masculine
taulier, masculine
taupicide, masculine
taupier, masculine
taupin, masculine
taurillon, masculine
taurobole, masculine
tautavel, masculine
tautomère, masculine
tauzin, masculine
tavernier, masculine
taxamètre, masculine
taxidermiste, masculine
taxile, masculine
taximan, masculine
taxiphone, masculine
taxiway, masculine
taxodium, masculine
taxodonte, masculine
taxon, masculine
tayau, masculine
taylorisme, masculine
taz, masculine
tbi, masculine
tchadien, masculine
tchaouch, masculine
tchaous, masculine
tchat, masculine
tchate, masculine
tcherneyan, masculine
tcherno, masculine
tchernov, masculine
tchernozème, masculine
tchetnik, masculine
tchoc, masculine
tchoeur, masculine
tchoque, masculine
tchouktche, masculine
tchoy, masculine
td, masculine
tdah, masculine
té, masculine
teasing, masculine
tebboune, masculine
tebeth, masculine
tébioctet, masculine
tech, masculine
technétate, masculine
techno, masculine
technocratisme, masculine
technolecte, masculine
technopôle, masculine
technosolutionnisme, masculine
teck, masculine
tectibranche, masculine
tectite, masculine
tee, masculine
téflon, masculine
tégu, masculine
tégument, masculine
téhéranais, masculine
teinturier, masculine
téju, masculine
tél, masculine
télamon, masculine
téléautographe, masculine
téléavertisseur, masculine
téléchargeur, masculine
télécinéma, masculine
téléconseiller, masculine
téléenseignement, masculine
téléférique, masculine
téléjournal, masculine
télémark, masculine
télémarketing, masculine
télémécanicien, masculine
télémètre, masculine
téléobjectif, masculine
téléopérateur, masculine
téléosaure, masculine
téléostéen, masculine
téléostome, masculine
télépaiement, masculine
télépéage, masculine
téléphérage, masculine
téléphobe, masculine
téléphonage, masculine
téléporteur, masculine
téléprédicateur, masculine
téléprompteur, masculine
télescopage, masculine
téléscripteur, masculine
téléshopping, masculine
téléspeaker, masculine
télésurveillance, masculine
télétexte, masculine
téléthon, masculine
télétraitement, masculine
télétravailleur, masculine
télétype, masculine
télévendeur, masculine
télézard, masculine
tellurate, masculine
tellurisme, masculine
tellurite, masculine
tellurure, masculine
télomère, masculine
telon, masculine
télougou, masculine
telson, masculine
telugu, masculine
témiscaming, masculine
témiscamingue, masculine
témiscouata, masculine
tempé, masculine
tempeh, masculine
template, masculine
templet, masculine
tempo, masculine
tenancier, masculine
tendron, masculine
ténébrion, masculine
ténébrionidé, masculine
tènement, masculine
ténéré, masculine
teneurmètre, masculine
tengue, masculine
téniasis, masculine
ténicide, masculine
tennisman, masculine
tennisseur, masculine
ténois, masculine
tenon, masculine
ténorino, masculine
tenrec, masculine
tenseur, masculine
tensioactif, masculine
tentateur, masculine
tenuto, masculine
téorbe, masculine
tépale, masculine
téphra, masculine
tepidarium, masculine
ter, masculine
téra, masculine
téraélectronvolt, masculine
terafim, masculine
téraflop, masculine
téragone, masculine
térakatal, masculine
téraoctet, masculine
tératologie, masculine
téravolt, masculine
térawatt, masculine
térawattheure, masculine
terbate, masculine
tercet, masculine
terebellum, masculine
térébenthène, masculine
térébinthe, masculine
térence, masculine
téréphtalate, masculine
terminateur, masculine
terminatif, masculine
terminisme, masculine
terminus, masculine
termitophile, masculine
terne, masculine
terni, masculine
ternissement, masculine
terpène, masculine
terpénoïde, masculine
terpinéol, masculine
terpinol, masculine
terpolymère, masculine
terraformage, masculine
terrarium, masculine
terrassement, masculine
terrassier, masculine
terreau, masculine
terreneuvien, masculine
terreplein, masculine
terri, masculine
terrien, masculine
terril, masculine
territorial, masculine
tesla, masculine
tessin, masculine
tesson, masculine
test, masculine
testateur, masculine
testeur, masculine
teston, masculine
tétanisme, masculine
tété, masculine
téteux, masculine
tétin, masculine
téton, masculine
tétouan, masculine
tétoum, masculine
tétraacétate, masculine
tétraazidométhane, masculine
tétraborate, masculine
tétracène, masculine
tétrachloroéthène, masculine
tétrachloroéthylène, masculine
tétrachlorométhane, masculine
tétrachlorure, masculine
tétrachromatisme, masculine
tétracontane, masculine
tétracorde, masculine
tétracosane, masculine
tétradécane, masculine
tétradécanoyl, masculine
tétradium, masculine
tetraène, masculine
tétraéthyle, masculine
tétraéthylplomb, masculine
tétrafluoroéthylène, masculine
tétragramme, masculine
tétrahydrocannabinol, masculine
tétrahydrofurane, masculine
tétrahydrofuranne, masculine
tétrahydronaphtalène, masculine
tétrahydropyrane, masculine
tétraiodométhane, masculine
tétraiodure, masculine
tétramère, masculine
tétraméthylammonium, masculine
tétraméthyléthylènediamine, masculine
tétramètre, masculine
tétraol, masculine
tétraonidé, masculine
tétraoxane, masculine
tétraoxyde, masculine
tétraphénylène, masculine
tétraquark, masculine
tétrarchat, masculine
tétras, masculine
tétraterpène, masculine
tétrathionate, masculine
tétratriacontane, masculine
tétraxénon, masculine
tétrazine, masculine
tétrazole, masculine
tétrodon, masculine
tétroxyde, masculine
teufeur, masculine
teuk, masculine
teukeu, masculine
teushi, masculine
texan, masculine
texel, masculine
texien, masculine
texto, masculine
tgv, masculine
thadée, masculine
thalamus, masculine
thalassine, masculine
thaler, masculine
thalès, masculine
thalle, masculine
thalweg, masculine
thalys, masculine
thanakha, masculine
thanétien, masculine
thatchérisme, masculine
thaumaturge, masculine
théa, masculine
théagène, masculine
théatin, masculine
théâtralisme, masculine
théâtreux, masculine
théâtrophone, masculine
thébain, masculine
théétète, masculine
thégonnec, masculine
théier, masculine
thénar, masculine
théobrome, masculine
théocentrisme, masculine
théocrite, masculine
théodoric, masculine
théomneste, masculine
théophane, masculine
théophilanthrope, masculine
théophraste, masculine
théopompe, masculine
théorbe, masculine
théramène, masculine
théraphim, masculine
thérébinthe, masculine
théridion, masculine
thérien, masculine
thermalisme, masculine
therme, masculine
thermes, masculine
thermisteur, masculine
thermocautère, masculine
thermocolorimètre, masculine
thermodynamicien, masculine
thermoformage, masculine
thermomagnétisme, masculine
thermoplastique, masculine
thermopolium, masculine
thermorécepteur, masculine
thermoscope, masculine
thermosenseur, masculine
thermosiphon, masculine
thermostat, masculine
théropode, masculine
thésard, masculine
thésauriseur, masculine
thésaurus, masculine
thésée, masculine
thesmothète, masculine
thêta, masculine
theza, masculine
thiaméthoxame, masculine
thiase, masculine
thiazine, masculine
thiazyle, masculine
thibaud, masculine
thibaut, masculine
thibet, masculine
thiépane, masculine
thiépine, masculine
thiétane, masculine
thiète, masculine
thigmotropisme, masculine
thiirène, masculine
thimphou, masculine
thioalcool, masculine
thiocarbonyle, masculine
thiofène, masculine
thionyle, masculine
thioute, masculine
tholin, masculine
thomas, masculine
thonaire, masculine
thonier, masculine
thorate, masculine
thorax, masculine
thorinium, masculine
thorne, masculine
thoron, masculine
thot, masculine
thrasybule, masculine
thrasymaque, masculine
thread, masculine
thrène, masculine
thréose, masculine
thriller, masculine
thrombus, masculine
thucydide, masculine
thulate, masculine
thuriféraire, masculine
thurso, masculine
thuya, masculine
thylacine, masculine
thyratron, masculine
thyristor, masculine
thyroïdisme, masculine
thyrse, masculine
thysanoptère, masculine
thysanoure, masculine
tian, masculine
tibouren, masculine
tic, masculine
ticheurte, masculine
tichodrome, masculine
tiento, masculine
tierceron, masculine
tif, masculine
tifinagh, masculine
tiglon, masculine
tigrigna, masculine
tigron, masculine
tiktokeur, masculine
tilbury, masculine
tilde, masculine
tillac, masculine
tiltmètre, masculine
timbrage, masculine
timée, masculine
timing, masculine
timiskaming, masculine
timon, masculine
timor, masculine
timp, masculine
tin, masculine
tinamou, masculine
tincal, masculine
tintement, masculine
tintin, masculine
tintinnabulement, masculine
tintinologue, masculine
tintouin, masculine
tipex, masculine
tippex, masculine
tirage, masculine
tiraglière, masculine
tiraillement, masculine
tiramisu, masculine
tirant, masculine
tiré, masculine
tirzepatide, masculine
tirzépatide, masculine
tison, masculine
tisonnier, masculine
tissage, masculine
tisserin, masculine
titan, masculine
titi, masculine
titicaca, masculine
titien, masculine
titisme, masculine
titrage, masculine
tlr, masculine
tnl, masculine
tno, masculine
toasté, masculine
toasteur, masculine
toboggan, masculine
toc, masculine
tocard, masculine
tocsin, masculine
togolais, masculine
toilettage, masculine
toiletteur, masculine
toilier, masculine
tokamak, masculine
tokélaou, masculine
tokélaouan, masculine
tokharien, masculine
tokyo, masculine
tôlard, masculine
tolbiac, masculine
tolérantisme, masculine
tolet, masculine
tôlier, masculine
tollé, masculine
toluène, masculine
tomahawk, masculine
tomalli, masculine
tomatier, masculine
tombereau, masculine
tombeur, masculine
tombouctou, masculine
tondeur, masculine
tondu, masculine
toner, masculine
tongien, masculine
tonic, masculine
tonkin, masculine
tonking, masculine
tonlieu, masculine
tonnelet, masculine
tonnelier, masculine
tontinier, masculine
tonus, masculine
top, masculine
toparque, masculine
topinambour, masculine
topo, masculine
topolecte, masculine
toquet, masculine
torcé, masculine
torchage, masculine
torchis, masculine
torcol, masculine
tore, masculine
toréador, masculine
torero, masculine
toréro, masculine
toroïde, masculine
toron, masculine
torontois, masculine
torpédo, masculine
torpillage, masculine
torr, masculine
torréfacteur, masculine
torseur, masculine
tortil, masculine
tortillard, masculine
tortillon, masculine
tortis, masculine
torysme, masculine
tosher, masculine
totalisateur, masculine
tôtes, masculine
totor, masculine
toub, masculine
toubab, masculine
toubib, masculine
touchau, masculine
touillage, masculine
touladi, masculine
toulonnais, masculine
toumani, masculine
toupet, masculine
tourage, masculine
tourangeau, masculine
tourbage, masculine
tourco, masculine
tourcoing, masculine
tourillon, masculine
tourmenteur, masculine
tournage, masculine
tournai, masculine
tournebroche, masculine
tournemain, masculine
tournis, masculine
tournoyeur, masculine
tourteau, masculine
tourtereau, masculine
toutou, masculine
township, masculine
toxoplasme, masculine
tpg, masculine
trabéculum, masculine
traçage, masculine
trachéide, masculine
tractage, masculine
tracy, masculine
trader, masculine
traditeur, masculine
trafiqueur, masculine
tragédien, masculine
tragule, masculine
trail, masculine
trainage, masculine
traînage, masculine
traînard, masculine
traineau, masculine
traiteur, masculine
traitre, masculine
tram, masculine
tramage, masculine
traminot, masculine
trampoline, masculine
tranchoir, masculine
tranquillisant, masculine
transaminase, masculine
transat, masculine
transbahutement, masculine
transbordeur, masculine
transcendantalisme, masculine
transcodage, masculine
transcodeur, masculine
transcripteur, masculine
transducteur, masculine
transduction, masculine
transfigurateur, masculine
transfo, masculine
transgène, masculine
transgresseur, masculine
transhumanisme, masculine
translatif, masculine
transmutateur, masculine
transnationalisme, masculine
transpalette, masculine
transpercement, masculine
transplant, masculine
transplantoir, masculine
transpressionisme, masculine
transsexualisme, masculine
transsexuel, masculine
transvasement, masculine
transvaseur, masculine
transvestisme, masculine
trap, masculine
trapézoïde, masculine
traquenard, masculine
traquet, masculine
traqueur, masculine
trauma, masculine
traumatisme, masculine
travaillisme, masculine
travelling, masculine
travelo, masculine
travers, masculine
traverseur, masculine
traversier, masculine
travertin, masculine
travestisme, masculine
travestissement, masculine
trayon, masculine
trébuchement, masculine
trécesson, masculine
tréfilage, masculine
tréfoncier, masculine
trégonneau, masculine
tréhalose, masculine
treillage, masculine
treillageur, masculine
treillis, masculine
trein, masculine
trek, masculine
trekkeur, masculine
trekking, masculine
trembleur, masculine
tremé, masculine
trémolo, masculine
trémor, masculine
trémoussement, masculine
trempage, masculine
trempe, masculine
trench, masculine
trenèl, masculine
trentième, masculine
trépan, masculine
trépanier, masculine
trépas, masculine
trépassé, masculine
tréphocyte, masculine
trépied, masculine
trépignement, masculine
tréponème, masculine
tressaillement, masculine
tréteau, masculine
treuillage, masculine
treum, masculine
tri, masculine
triacétate, masculine
trialcool, masculine
triamcinolone, masculine
trias, masculine
triazène, masculine
tribomètre, masculine
triboulet, masculine
tribraque, masculine
tribromure, masculine
tribun, masculine
tribunat, masculine
tribut, masculine
tributyle, masculine
tributylétain, masculine
tricentenaire, masculine
tricheur, masculine
trichloracétaldéhyde, masculine
trichloréthène, masculine
trichloréthylène, masculine
trichloroéthane, masculine
trichloroéthène, masculine
trichloroéthylène, masculine
trichlorofluorométhane, masculine
trichlorométhane, masculine
trichloronitrométhane, masculine
trichlorure, masculine
trichobézoard, masculine
trichocéphale, masculine
trichogramme, masculine
tricholome, masculine
trichoma, masculine
trichome, masculine
trichophile, masculine
trichophyton, masculine
trichoptère, masculine
trichroïsme, masculine
triclinium, masculine
tricolore, masculine
tricorne, masculine
tricotage, masculine
tricoteur, masculine
trictrac, masculine
tridécagone, masculine
tridécane, masculine
trident, masculine
tridi, masculine
trièdre, masculine
triène, masculine
triérarque, masculine
triéthylgallium, masculine
trieur, masculine
triflate, masculine
trifluoroacétate, masculine
trifluorométhylsulfonate, masculine
trifluorure, masculine
triforium, masculine
trigramme, masculine
trihalogénométhane, masculine
trihalogénure, masculine
triholoside, masculine
trihydrate, masculine
trihydrogène, masculine
trihydrure, masculine
triiodométhane, masculine
triiodure, masculine
trilinguisme, masculine
trille, masculine
trimardeur, masculine
trimère, masculine
triméthylarsine, masculine
triméthylbenzène, masculine
triméthyle, masculine
triméthylgallium, masculine
triméthylméthane, masculine
triméthylpentane, masculine
trimètre, masculine
trimoteur, masculine
trinitramide, masculine
trinitrobenzène, masculine
trinitrophénol, masculine
trinitrotoluène, masculine
trinôme, masculine
trinquet, masculine
trio, masculine
triolisme, masculine
triomphalisme, masculine
triose, masculine
trioxyde, masculine
trioxygène, masculine
tripartisme, masculine
triphénylène, masculine
triphénylephosphine, masculine
triphenylméthanol, masculine
triphénylméthanol, masculine
tripier, masculine
triple, masculine
triplé, masculine
triplet, masculine
triporteur, masculine
tripot, masculine
tripotage, masculine
tripou, masculine
triptyque, masculine
trisaïeul, masculine
triso, masculine
trissotin, masculine
tristéarate, masculine
trisulfure, masculine
triterpène, masculine
trithérapie, masculine
tritium, masculine
tritoxyde, masculine
triturage, masculine
triturateur, masculine
triumvir, masculine
trobador, masculine
trochilidé, masculine
trochin, masculine
trochiter, masculine
trochosphère, masculine
troène, masculine
troëne, masculine
trojan, masculine
trolley, masculine
trombinoscope, masculine
tromblon, masculine
trommel, masculine
tronçonnage, masculine
trope, masculine
tropézien, masculine
trophoblaste, masculine
trophozoïte, masculine
tropisme, masculine
troponyme, masculine
troquet, masculine
troqueur, masculine
trot, masculine
trotrondjéou, masculine
trotskisme, masculine
trotskysme, masculine
trotteur, masculine
trouduc, masculine
troufignon, masculine
troufion, masculine
trougne, masculine
trouillard, masculine
trouillomètre, masculine
troupier, masculine
troussequin, masculine
trouvère, masculine
trouveur, masculine
trouzillion, masculine
truand, masculine
trucage, masculine
truchement, masculine
truck, masculine
trucmuche, masculine
trudgeon, masculine
trumpisme, masculine
trumpiste, masculine
truquage, masculine
truqueur, masculine
trusquin, masculine
trusquinage, masculine
trust, masculine
trypanosome, masculine
trypsinogène, masculine
tsarat, masculine
tsarisme, masculine
tsikavé, masculine
tsimané, masculine
tsolyani, masculine
tsolyáni, masculine
tuac, masculine
tuba, masculine
tubage, masculine
tubercule, masculine
tubipore, masculine
tuf, masculine
tufeau, masculine
tuffeau, masculine
tuilage, masculine
tuileau, masculine
tulipier, masculine
tumblr, masculine
tuner, masculine
tuning, masculine
tunisois, masculine
tunnelier, masculine
tupi, masculine
turbin, masculine
turbith, masculine
turbodiesel, masculine
turbomoteur, masculine
turbopropulseur, masculine
turboréacteur, masculine
turbot, masculine
turbotrain, masculine
turcoman, masculine
turfu, masculine
turkoman, masculine
turlupin, masculine
turnep, masculine
turricule, masculine
tursiops, masculine
tussack, masculine
tussilage, masculine
tuto, masculine
tutorat, masculine
tutorial, masculine
tutoriel, masculine
tutti, masculine
tuyauteur, masculine
tweed, masculine
tweet, masculine
tweeter, masculine
twist, masculine
twit, masculine
twitteur, masculine
tybi, masculine
tybia, masculine
tycoon, masculine
tympanisme, masculine
typage, masculine
typha, masculine
typo, masculine
typomètre, masculine
typonyme, masculine
tyr, masculine
tyranneau, masculine
tyrannicide, masculine
tyrannosaure, masculine
tzar, masculine
tzompantli, masculine
u, masculine
ubac, masculine
ubaye, masculine
ukase, masculine
ukulélé, masculine
ularu, masculine
ultraléger, masculine
ultramicroscope, masculine
ultramicroscopie, masculine
ultramontanisme, masculine
ultratendre, masculine
ultravide, masculine
ululement, masculine
ulvospinelle, masculine
ulysse, masculine
uminski, masculine
unanimisme, masculine
unau, masculine
unboxing, masculine
undécagone, masculine
undécane, masculine
underflip, masculine
underground, masculine
unguis, masculine
unicaméralisme, masculine
unificateur, masculine
unifolié, masculine
unilatéralisme, masculine
unioniste, masculine
unipartisme, masculine
univalve, masculine
universalisme, masculine
universaux, masculine
untel, masculine
ununbium, masculine
uplet, masculine
uppercut, masculine
upsilon, masculine
uranate, masculine
urane, masculine
uranien, masculine
uranisme, masculine
uranocène, masculine
uranoscope, masculine
uranyle, masculine
urate, masculine
urdu, masculine
uréide, masculine
uréthane, masculine
uréthanne, masculine
urinal, masculine
uritrottoir, masculine
urobilinogène, masculine
urochrome, masculine
urodéum, masculine
uromètre, masculine
uropode, masculine
urosperme, masculine
ursidé, masculine
useneteur, masculine
usinage, masculine
ustou, masculine
usufruitier, masculine
utah, masculine
utricule, masculine
uzbek, masculine
vaccarèse, masculine
vaccinateur, masculine
vaccinodrome, masculine
vaccinogène, masculine
vaccinostyle, masculine
vacherin, masculine
vacillement, masculine
vacuolome, masculine
vacuum, masculine
vagabondage, masculine
vaginisme, masculine
vagissement, masculine
vagonet, masculine
vaguemestre, masculine
vahibé, masculine
vaincu, masculine
vair, masculine
vairon, masculine
vaison, masculine
vaisselier, masculine
vakinankaratra, masculine
val, masculine
valais, masculine
valdegour, masculine
valdingue, masculine
valdôtain, masculine
valérate, masculine
valère, masculine
valérianate, masculine
valérien, masculine
valier, masculine
vallia, masculine
vallon, masculine
vallonnement, masculine
valseur, masculine
vam, masculine
vampirisme, masculine
van, masculine
vanadate, masculine
vancouverois, masculine
vancouvérois, masculine
vanillatté, masculine
vanillier, masculine
vanillisme, masculine
vanilloïde, masculine
vaniteux, masculine
vannage, masculine
vanneau, masculine
vanneur, masculine
vannier, masculine
vantail, masculine
vanuatu, masculine
vapocraquage, masculine
vapocraqueur, masculine
vapocuiseur, masculine
vaporisateur, masculine
vapoteur, masculine
vaqueiroles, masculine
vaquerolles, masculine
var, masculine
varappeur, masculine
varec, masculine
varech, masculine
variant, masculine
variateur, masculine
variorum, masculine
vasistas, masculine
vasoconstricteur, masculine
vasodilateur, masculine
vassal, masculine
vasselage, masculine
vaucluse, masculine
vauclusien, masculine
vaudeville, masculine
vaudou, masculine
vauvert, masculine
vavasseur, masculine
vbci, masculine
vbl, masculine
vbv, masculine
vdqs, masculine
vé, masculine
véda, masculine
vedettariat, masculine
végèce, masculine
végépâté, masculine
véhiculage, masculine
veinage, masculine
veinard, masculine
vêlage, masculine
vélar, masculine
velcro, masculine
vélin, masculine
vélite, masculine
vélomoteur, masculine
véloski, masculine
vélotaf, masculine
vélotaff, masculine
vélotaxi, masculine
velum, masculine
vélum, masculine
vélux, masculine
venant, masculine
vendangeur, masculine
vendéen, masculine
vendômois, masculine
veneur, masculine
vénézuélien, masculine
ventail, masculine
ventilo, masculine
ventriculogramme, masculine
vépéciste, masculine
vêpre, masculine
vepse, masculine
vératre, masculine
verbalisme, masculine
verbiage, masculine
verbicruciste, masculine
vercingétorix, masculine
verdage, masculine
verdet, masculine
verdiau, masculine
verdin, masculine
verdissage, masculine
verdissement, masculine
verdoiement, masculine
verdon, masculine
verdun, masculine
vergéal, masculine
vergeron, masculine
vergne, masculine
vergobret, masculine
vérificateur, masculine
vérin, masculine
vérisme, masculine
verjus, masculine
vermeil, masculine
vermicelier, masculine
vermicelle, masculine
vermicide, masculine
vermillon, masculine
vermisseau, masculine
vernaculaire, masculine
véronais, masculine
verrat, masculine
verrier, masculine
verrillon, masculine
verrouillage, masculine
versaillais, masculine
verseur, masculine
versificateur, masculine
versoir, masculine
vertex, masculine
verticalisme, masculine
verticille, masculine
vertugadin, masculine
vérumontanum, masculine
vespertilion, masculine
vespoïde, masculine
vestibule, masculine
vétillard, masculine
vétiver, masculine
vétyver, masculine
veuch, masculine
veuglaire, masculine
viandard, masculine
viaur, masculine
vibraculaire, masculine
vibraphone, masculine
vibrateur, masculine
vibrato, masculine
vibreur, masculine
vibrion, masculine
vibrographe, masculine
vicariat, masculine
vicentin, masculine
vichysme, masculine
vichyssois, masculine
vicieux, masculine
victimisme, masculine
vidangeur, masculine
vidéoclip, masculine
vidéoclub, masculine
vidéodisque, masculine
vidéophone, masculine
vidéoprojecteur, masculine
vidéotéléphone, masculine
vidéotex, masculine
videur, masculine
vidian, masculine
vidicon, masculine
vielleur, masculine
vieux, masculine
vif, masculine
vigogne, masculine
viguier, masculine
vilayet, masculine
vilbrequin, masculine
villard, masculine
villegaignon, masculine
villégiateur, masculine
viminal, masculine
vinage, masculine
vinaigrier, masculine
vince, masculine
vinette, masculine
vinettier, masculine
vingrau, masculine
vingtième, masculine
vinificateur, masculine
vinomètre, masculine
vinyle, masculine
vinylidène, masculine
vinylite, masculine
violier, masculine
violoneux, masculine
vionnet, masculine
vipéridé, masculine
virelai, masculine
vireton, masculine
vireur, masculine
virginal, masculine
viriel, masculine
virilisme, masculine
virion, masculine
viroïde, masculine
virose, masculine
visagisme, masculine
viscosimètre, masculine
visionnage, masculine
visionnement, masculine
visionneur, masculine
visiophone, masculine
visitateur, masculine
visnage, masculine
visqui, masculine
vissage, masculine
vitalisme, masculine
vitchoura, masculine
viticulteur, masculine
vitiligo, masculine
vitrimère, masculine
vitupérateur, masculine
vivandier, masculine
vivaneau, masculine
vivant, masculine
vivarium, masculine
vivat, masculine
viveur, masculine
vivier, masculine
vivres, masculine
vizir, masculine
vizirat, masculine
vlan, masculine
vls, masculine
vocable, masculine
vocal, masculine
vocalisateur, masculine
vocoïde, masculine
voeu, masculine
vôges, masculine
vogoul, masculine
voilage, masculine
voiles, masculine
voiturier, masculine
voiturin, masculine
voïvodat, masculine
voïvode, masculine
volailler, masculine
volapük, masculine
volatile, masculine
volley, masculine
volleyball, masculine
volleyballène, masculine
volontariat, masculine
volontarisme, masculine
volp, masculine
voltairianisme, masculine
voltamètre, masculine
voltigeur, masculine
voltmètre, masculine
volucompteur, masculine
vomer, masculine
vomiquier, masculine
vomitif, masculine
vomito, masculine
vomitoire, masculine
vosgien, masculine
voudou, masculine
voueur, masculine
vougier, masculine
vouillé, masculine
voulgier, masculine
vouloir, masculine
voussoir, masculine
voûtement, masculine
voyer, masculine
vps, masculine
vrac, masculine
vraquier, masculine
vrombissement, masculine
vtt, masculine
vulcain, masculine
vulcanisme, masculine
vulgarisateur, masculine
vulnéraire, masculine
vulpin, masculine
vumètre, masculine
wafer, masculine
wagnérisme, masculine
wagonnier, masculine
wainard, masculine
walkman, masculine
wallaby, masculine
wallia, masculine
wallingant, masculine
wallingantisme, masculine
wallisien, masculine
wallonisme, masculine
waloi, masculine
waltham, masculine
wampi, masculine
warfarine, masculine
wargame, masculine
warning, masculine
washingtonien, masculine
water, masculine
watergang, masculine
waterpolo, masculine
waters, masculine
waterzooi, masculine
wattman, masculine
wawaron, masculine
wc, masculine
we, masculine
web, masculine
webcast, masculine
webdocumentaire, masculine
weber, masculine
webmaster, masculine
webmestre, masculine
webzine, masculine
wedge, masculine
wehnelt, masculine
wendat, masculine
wergeld, masculine
wesh, masculine
western, masculine
westphalien, masculine
wheeling, masculine
whiskey, masculine
whist, masculine
widget, masculine
wifi, masculine
wiki, masculine
winch, masculine
windsurf, masculine
winneway, masculine
winnipégois, masculine
winoc, masculine
winstub, masculine
wintergreen, masculine
winwaloe, masculine
wishbone, masculine
witloof, masculine
wix, masculine
wokisme, masculine
wolfram, masculine
wombat, masculine
won, masculine
woofer, masculine
woofing, masculine
wookie, masculine
wotanisme, masculine
wousung, masculine
wrap, masculine
wronskien, masculine
wu, masculine
wusong, masculine
wyoming, masculine
xanthane, masculine
xanthien, masculine
xanthoderme, masculine
xanthome, masculine
xanthophore, masculine
xare, masculine
xavérien, masculine
xe, masculine
xemple, masculine
xénarthe, masculine
xénarthre, masculine
xénate, masculine
xénie, masculine
xénique, masculine
xénisme, masculine
xénoantigène, masculine
xénobiotique, masculine
xénocrate, masculine
xénocristal, masculine
xénodiagnostic, masculine
xénodochium, masculine
xénodoque, masculine
xénolexique, masculine
xénolithe, masculine
xénonate, masculine
xénonyme, masculine
xénope, masculine
xénophane, masculine
xénophon, masculine
xénotropisme, masculine
xéranthème, masculine
xérophage, masculine
xerxès, masculine
xhosa, masculine
xhtml, masculine
xi, masculine
xiang, masculine
xinjiang, masculine
xipho, masculine
xiphophore, masculine
xoanon, masculine
xp, masculine
xylaloë, masculine
xylème, masculine
xylénol, masculine
xylharmonicon, masculine
xylofer, masculine
xylogène, masculine
xylographe, masculine
xylol, masculine
xylolâtre, masculine
xylonide, masculine
xylopale, masculine
xylophène, masculine
xylorimba, masculine
xylostome, masculine
xyste, masculine
yaaku, masculine
yabem, masculine
yable, masculine
yachmak, masculine
yachtman, masculine
yachtsman, masculine
yackier, masculine
yagé, masculine
yaghnobi, masculine
yagtan, masculine
yahourt, masculine
yak, masculine
yaktaro, masculine
yakusa, masculine
yakuza, masculine
yali, masculine
yamakasi, masculine
yamoussoukrois, masculine
yamtchik, masculine
yandou, masculine
yang, masculine
yanghir, masculine
yangjingbang, masculine
yangtsé, masculine
yanké, masculine
yaouled, masculine
yaoundé, masculine
yaourtier, masculine
yarchagumba, masculine
yard, masculine
yaren, masculine
yarsagumba, masculine
yarsagumbu, masculine
yassa, masculine
yasseur, masculine
yawl, masculine
yazdan, masculine
yazidisme, masculine
yearling, masculine
yégacé, masculine
yélek, masculine
yéleq, masculine
yéléq, masculine
yemtchik, masculine
yennois, masculine
yenotte, masculine
yeoman, masculine
yerni, masculine
yernî, masculine
yero, masculine
yéti, masculine
yffiniacais, masculine
ygrandais, masculine
yiable, masculine
yiddisch, masculine
yidich, masculine
yidiche, masculine
yin, masculine
yindjibarndi, masculine
yk, masculine
ylure, masculine
yo, masculine
yobioctet, masculine
yoctokatal, masculine
yodleur, masculine
yoghi, masculine
yôghi, masculine
yoghourth, masculine
yogi, masculine
yogisme, masculine
yogourt, masculine
yoguisme, masculine
yohimbe, masculine
yohimbehe, masculine
yojijukugo, masculine
yoleur, masculine
yolier, masculine
yoni, masculine
yôon, masculine
yooner, masculine
yorkshire, masculine
yorouba, masculine
yoruba, masculine
yot, masculine
yottaoctet, masculine
youd, masculine
yougoslavisme, masculine
younès, masculine
youness, masculine
youpala, masculine
youpinerie, masculine
youri, masculine
youssef, masculine
youtron, masculine
youtube, masculine
youtubeur, masculine
youv, masculine
yoyo, masculine
yponomeute, masculine
ypreau, masculine
ypréau, masculine
yprois, masculine
yrieix, masculine
ysard, masculine
ysl, masculine
ysopet, masculine
ytterbate, masculine
yttria, masculine
yuan, masculine
yukonais, masculine
yukonnais, masculine
yunnan, masculine
yuppie, masculine
yuqui, masculine
yverdon, masculine
yvon, masculine
yōon, masculine
zaâmisme, masculine
zabre, masculine
zacharien, masculine
zacharois, masculine
zachée, masculine
zadisme, masculine
zaessinguois, masculine
z'affaire, masculine
zagawa, masculine
zagharit, masculine
zaghawa, masculine
zagotzerno, masculine
zâhir, masculine
zaï, masculine
zaibac, masculine
zaïdisme, masculine
zaïdite, masculine
zaïm, masculine
zaïmph, masculine
zaïn, masculine
zaïrois, masculine
zakouski, masculine
zalanais, masculine
zamac, masculine
zamak, masculine
zamal, masculine
zamar, masculine
zambajon, masculine
zambèze, masculine
zambien, masculine
zambretto, masculine
z'amendement, masculine
zamet, masculine
z'ami, masculine
zamia, masculine
zamier, masculine
zamioculcas, masculine
zamuco, masculine
zancle, masculine
zangi, masculine
zangî, masculine
zani, masculine
z'animau, masculine
zanzi, masculine
záparo, masculine
zapatéado, masculine
zapatisme, masculine
zappage, masculine
zappeur, masculine
zapping, masculine
z'apprenti, masculine
zaptié, masculine
zar, masculine
zâr, masculine
zarater, masculine
zarb, masculine
zarfa, masculine
zarico, masculine
zarma, masculine
zaventemien, masculine
zayane, masculine
zaydisme, masculine
zayin, masculine
zazaki, masculine
zazens, masculine
zazou, masculine
zbeul, masculine
zboub, masculine
zboube, masculine
zdimoh, masculine
zeauzeau, masculine
zeb, masculine
zebak, masculine
zebboudj, masculine
zébédée, masculine
zebet, masculine
zebi, masculine
zébi, masculine
zébibit, masculine
zébioctet, masculine
zébrâne, masculine
zebrano, masculine
zébreau, masculine
zébrion, masculine
zébroïde, masculine
zébron, masculine
zède, masculine
zée, masculine
zef, masculine
zèf, masculine
zegerscappelois, masculine
zehnackerois, masculine
zeidane, masculine
zéidé, masculine
zeinheimois, masculine
zéisme, masculine
zekat, masculine
zekkat, masculine
zélateur, masculine
zéleur, masculine
zellenbergeois, masculine
zellige, masculine
zellwillerois, masculine
zélotisme, masculine
zemb, masculine
zemblanité, masculine
zembrocal, masculine
zémidjan, masculine
zémindar, masculine
zemindarat, masculine
zémindarat, masculine
zemstvo, masculine
zen, masculine
zend, masculine
zendik, masculine
zendiq, masculine
zendrum, masculine
zénobe, masculine
zénon, masculine
zénonien, masculine
zénonisme, masculine
zénoniste, masculine
zéoscope, masculine
zeph, masculine
zéphir, masculine
zéphire, masculine
zéphirin, masculine
zéphirinien, masculine
z'épice, masculine
zeppelin, masculine
zermezeelois, masculine
zérotage, masculine
zérumbet, masculine
zest, masculine
zesteur, masculine
zêta, masculine
zétacyperméthrine, masculine
z'étage, masculine
zetat, masculine
zététicien, masculine
zéthrène, masculine
zetland, masculine
zétrudois, masculine
zettamètre, masculine
zettingeois, masculine
zeubi, masculine
zeugma, masculine
zeugme, masculine
zeugopode, masculine
zeuhl, masculine
zeus, masculine
zézaiement, masculine
zézayement, masculine
zézayeur, masculine
zgeg, masculine
zgégos, masculine
zgougou, masculine
zgueg, masculine
zguègue, masculine
zhaba, masculine
zhâl, masculine
zhamunie, masculine
zhuyin, masculine
ziâra, masculine
ziarra, masculine
zibulateur, masculine
zicavais, masculine
zicral, masculine
zieverer, masculine
zig, masculine
zigheune, masculine
zigliarais, masculine
zignérais, masculine
zigomar, masculine
zigomard, masculine
zigonnage, masculine
zigonneux, masculine
zigoteau, masculine
zigoto, masculine
zigotteau, masculine
zigouigoui, masculine
zigouillage, masculine
zigua, masculine
zigue, masculine
zigzagueur, masculine
zikiro, masculine
ziliais, masculine
zillingeois, masculine
zillisheimois, masculine
zimbabwéen, masculine
zimmersheimois, masculine
zimmerwaldisme, masculine
zimmingeois, masculine
zina, masculine
zinâ, masculine
zincage, masculine
zincate, masculine
zincisme, masculine
zincou, masculine
zincurtien, masculine
z'indemnité, masculine
z'indien, masculine
zinèbe, masculine
zinfle, masculine
zingérone, masculine
zingueur, masculine
zinjanthrope, masculine
zinswillerois, masculine
zinzibulement, masculine
zinzinulement, masculine
ziphiidé, masculine
zirame, masculine
zircon, masculine
zirconide, masculine
zire, masculine
zisel, masculine
zist, masculine
ziste, masculine
zister, masculine
zittersheimois, masculine
zivereer, masculine
zizaneur, masculine
zizou, masculine
zlinois, masculine
zoanthaire, masculine
zoanthe, masculine
zoanthinien, masculine
zoanthodème, masculine
zoarcidé, masculine
zob, masculine
zobbi, masculine
zobe, masculine
zocchièdre, masculine
zodiac, masculine
zœbersdorfois, masculine
zoerselois, masculine
zographos, masculine
zoguiste, masculine
zoïde, masculine
zoïle, masculine
z'oiseau, masculine
zoiseau, masculine
zoïsme, masculine
zolisme, masculine
zombi, masculine
zombificateur, masculine
zonage, masculine
zonard, masculine
zonoèdre, masculine
zonure, masculine
zonz, masculine
zonzais, masculine
zonzonnement, masculine
zoocarpe, masculine
zoocinéma, masculine
zoofari, masculine
zooflagellé, masculine
zoogamète, masculine
zoogène, masculine
zooïatre, masculine
zooïde, masculine
zoom, masculine
zoomage, masculine
zoomagnétisme, masculine
zoomeur, masculine
zooparc, masculine
zoophage, masculine
zoophore, masculine
zoophytolithe, masculine
zooplanctonte, masculine
zooplasma, masculine
zoorama, masculine
zoori, masculine
zoosporange, masculine
zootechnicien, masculine
zootomiste, masculine
zootoponyme, masculine
zootrope, masculine
zopiok, masculine
z'orange, masculine
zoreil, masculine
zoréol, masculine
zorey, masculine
zoroastre, masculine
zorobabel, masculine
zoroche, masculine
zorrino, masculine
zotelois, masculine
zotiquien, masculine
zouafquois, masculine
zouc, masculine
zouk, masculine
zoukeur, masculine
zouma, masculine
zouzou, masculine
zozais, masculine
zoziau, masculine
zozo, masculine
zozotement, masculine
zozoteur, masculine
zraga, masculine
zrig, masculine
zuanais, masculine
zucchette, masculine
zucchini, masculine
zudausquois, masculine
zugzwang, masculine
zuisme, masculine
zurichois, masculine
zurnisme, masculine
zutisme, masculine
zutkerquois, masculine
zuydcootois, masculine
zuytpeenois, masculine
zwanzeur, masculine
zwergaffen, masculine
zwinglianisme, masculine
zyclon, masculine
zydeko, masculine
z'yeu, masculine
zygénidé, masculine
zygnéma, masculine
zygoma, masculine
zygomycète, masculine
zygopétale, masculine
zygopode, masculine
zygoptère, masculine
zyklon, masculine
zymodiagnostic, masculine
zymogène, masculine
zymosimètre, masculine
zymozimètre, masculine
zyrcaloy, masculine
zythogala, masculine
zythogale, masculine
zython, masculine
zythophile, masculine
zythum, masculine
zyzel, masculine
zāy, masculine
ḫuwawa, masculine
